Genesis 1:1 In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth.In the beginning God created heaven, and earth. In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth.In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth.In the beginning of God's preparing the heavens and the earth &#8212;  In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.
Genesis 1:2 And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was upon the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. And the earth was waste and void; and darkness was upon the face of the deep: and the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. And the earth was void and empty, and darkness was upon the face of the deep; and the spirit of God moved over the waters. And the earth was waste and empty, and darkness was on the face of the deep, and the Spirit of God was hovering over the face of the waters. And the earth was waste and void; and darkness was upon the face of the deep: and the spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was upon the face of the deep: and the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters.Now the earth was formless and empty. Darkness was on the surface of the deep. God's Spirit was hovering over the surface of the waters. The earth hath existed waste and void, and darkness is on the face of the deep, and the Spirit of God fluttering on the face of the waters, And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was on the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God moved on the face of the waters.
Genesis 1:3 And God said, Let there be light: and there was light. And God said, Let there be light: and there was light. And God said: Be light made. And light was made. And God said, Let there be light. And there was light. And God said, Let there be light: and there was light. And God said, Let there be light: and there was light.God said, "Let there be light," and there was light. And God saith, 'Let light be;' and light is. And God said, Let there be light: and there was light.
Genesis 1:4 And God saw the light, that it was good: and God divided the light from the darkness. And God saw the light, that it was good: and God divided the light from the darkness. And God saw the light that it was good; and he divided the light from the darkness. And God saw the light that it was good; and God divided between the light and the darkness. And God saw the light, that it was good: and God divided the light from the darkness. And God saw the light, that it was good: and God divided the light from the darkness.God saw the light, and saw that it was good. God divided the light from the darkness. And God seeth the light that it is good, and God separateth between the light and the darkness, And God saw the light, that it was good: and God divided the light from the darkness.
Genesis 1:5 And God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And the evening and the morning were the first day. And God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And there was evening and there was morning, one day. And he called the light Day, and the darkness Night; and there was evening and morning one day. And God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And there was evening, and there was morning the first day. And God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And there was evening and there was morning, one day. And God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night: and the evening and the morning were the first day.God called the light "day," and the darkness he called "night." There was evening and there was morning, one day. And God calleth to the light 'Day,' and to the darkness He hath called 'Night;' and there is an evening, and there is a morning &#8212; day one. And God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And the evening and the morning were the first day.
Genesis 1:6 And God said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters. And God said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters. And God said: Let there be a firmament made amidst the waters: and let it divide the waters from the waters. And God said, Let there be an expanse in the midst of the waters, and let it be a division between waters and waters. And God said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters. And God said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters.God said, "Let there be an expanse in the middle of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters." And God saith, 'Let an expanse be in the midst of the waters, and let it be separating between waters and waters.' And God said, Let there be a firmament in the middle of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters.
Genesis 1:7 And God made the firmament, and divided the waters which were under the firmament from the waters which were above the firmament: and it was so. And God made the firmament, and divided the waters which were under the firmament from the waters which were above the firmament: and it was so. And God made a firmament, and divided the waters that were under the firmament, from those that were above the firmament, and it was so. And God made the expanse, and divided between the waters that are under the expanse and the waters that are above the expanse; and it was so. And God made the firmament, and divided the waters which were under the firmament from the waters which were above the firmament: and it was so. And God made the firmament; and divided the waters which were under the firmament from the waters which were above the firmament: and it was so.God made the expanse, and divided the waters which were under the expanse from the waters which were above the expanse; and it was so. And God maketh the expanse, and it separateth between the waters which are under the expanse, and the waters which are above the expanse: and it is so. And God made the firmament, and divided the waters which were under the firmament from the waters which were above the firmament: and it was so.
Genesis 1:8 And God called the firmament Heaven. And the evening and the morning were the second day. And God called the firmament Heaven. And there was evening and there was morning, a second day. And God called the firmament, Heaven; and the evening and morning were the second day. And God called the expanse Heavens. And there was evening, and there was morning a second day. And God called the firmament Heaven. And there was evening and there was morning, a second day. And God called the firmament Heaven: and the evening and the morning were the second day.God called the expanse "sky." There was evening and there was morning, a second day. And God calleth to the expanse 'Heavens;' and there is an evening, and there is a morning &#8212; day second. And God called the firmament Heaven. And the evening and the morning were the second day.
Genesis 1:9 And God said, Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together unto one place, and let the dry land appear: and it was so. And God said, Let the waters under the heavens be gathered together unto one place, and let the dry land appear: and it was so.God also said: Let the waters that are under the heaven, be gathered together into one place: and let the dry land appear. And it was so done. And God said, Let the waters under the heavens be gathered together to one place, and let the dry land appear. And it was so. And God said, Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together unto one place, and let the dry land appear: and it was so. And God said, Let the waters under the heaven be gathered into one place, and let the dry land appear: and it was so.God said, "Let the waters under the sky be gathered together to one place, and let the dry land appear;" and it was so. And God saith, 'Let the waters under the heavens be collected unto one place, and let the dry land be seen:' and it is so. And God said, Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together to one place, and let the dry land appear: and it was so.
Genesis 1:10 And God called the dry land Earth; and the gathering together of the waters called he Seas: and God saw that it was good. And God called the dry land Earth; and the gathering together of the waters called he Seas: and God saw that it was good. And God called the dry land, Earth; and the gathering together of the waters, he called Seas. And God saw that it was good. And God called the dry land Earth, and the gathering together of the waters he called Seas. And God saw that it was good. And God called the dry land Earth; and the gathering together of the waters called he Seas: and God saw that it was good. And God called the dry land Earth, and the collection of waters he called Seas: and God saw that it was good.God called the dry land "earth," and the gathering together of the waters he called "seas." God saw that it was good. And God calleth to the dry land 'Earth,' and to the collection of the waters He hath called 'Seas;' and God seeth that it is good. And God called the dry land Earth; and the gathering together of the waters called he Seas: and God saw that it was good.
Genesis 1:11 And God said, Let the earth bring forth grass, the herb yielding seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind, whose seed is in itself, upon the earth: and it was so. And God said, Let the earth put forth grass, herbs yielding seed, and fruit-trees bearing fruit after their kind, wherein is the seed thereof, upon the earth: and it was so. And he said: Let the earth bring forth the green herb, and such as may seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after its kind, which may have seed in itself upon the earth. And it was so done. And God said, Let the earth cause grass to spring up, herb producing seed, fruit-trees yielding fruit after their kind, the seed of which is in them, on the earth. And it was so. And God said, Let the earth put forth grass, herb yielding seed, and fruit tree bearing fruit after its kind, wherein is the seed thereof, upon the earth: and it was so. And God said, Let the earth bring forth grass, the herb yielding seed, and the fruit-tree yielding fruit after its kind, whose seed is in itself, upon the earth: and it was so.God said, "Let the earth put forth grass, herbs yielding seed, and fruit trees bearing fruit after their kind, with its seed in it, on the earth;" and it was so. And God saith, 'Let the earth yield tender grass, herb sowing seed, fruit-tree (whose seed is in itself) making fruit after its kind, on the earth:' and it is so. And God said, Let the earth bring forth grass, the herb yielding seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind, whose seed is in itself, on the earth: and it was so.
Genesis 1:12 And the earth brought forth grass, and herb yielding seed after his kind, and the tree yielding fruit, whose seed was in itself, after his kind: and God saw that it was good. And the earth brought forth grass, herbs yielding seed after their kind, and trees bearing fruit, wherein is the seed thereof, after their kind: and God saw that it was good. And the earth brought forth the green herb, and such as yieldeth seed according to its kind, and the tree that beareth fruit having seed each one according to its kind. And God saw that it was good. And the earth brought forth grass, herb producing seed after its kind, and trees yielding fruit, the seed of which is in them, after their kind. And God saw that it was good. And the earth brought forth grass, herb yielding seed after its kind, and tree bearing fruit, wherein is the seed thereof, after its kind: and God saw that it was good. And the earth brought forth grass, and herb yielding seed after its kind, and the tree yielding fruit, whose seed was in itself, after its kind: and God saw that it was good. The earth brought forth grass, herbs yielding seed after their kind, and trees bearing fruit, with its seed in it, after their kind; and God saw that it was good. And the earth bringeth forth tender grass, herb sowing seed after its kind, and tree making fruit (whose seed is in itself) after its kind; and God seeth that it is good; And the earth brought forth grass, and herb yielding seed after his kind, and the tree yielding fruit, whose seed was in itself, after his kind: and God saw that it was good.
Genesis 1:13 And the evening and the morning were the third day. And there was evening and there was morning, a third day. And the evening and the morning were the third day. And there was evening, and there was morning a third day. And there was evening and there was morning, a third day. And the evening and the morning were the third day. There was evening and there was morning, a third day. And there is an evening, and there is a morning &#8212; day third. And the evening and the morning were the third day.
Genesis 1:14 And God said, Let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days, and years: And God said, Let there be lights in the firmament of heaven to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days and years: And God said: Let there be lights made in the firmament of heaven, to divide the day and the night, and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days and years:  And God said, Let there be lights in the expanse of the heavens, to divide between the day and the night; and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days and years; And God said, Let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days and years: And God said, Let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven, to divide the day from the night: and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days, and years.God said, "Let there be lights in the expanse of sky to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days and years; And God saith, 'Let luminaries be in the expanse of the heavens, to make a separation between the day and the night, then they have been for signs, and for seasons, and for days and years, And God said, Let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days, and years: 
Genesis 1:15 And let them be for lights in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth: and it was so. And let them be for lights in the firmament of heaven to give light upon the earth: and it was so. To shine in the firmament of heaven, and to give light upon the earth. And it was so done. and let them be for lights in the expanse of the heavens, to give light on the earth. And it was so. And let them be for lights in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth: and it was so. And let them be for lights in the firmament of the heaven, to give light upon the earth: and it was so. And let them be for lights in the expanse of sky to give light on the earth;" and it was so. And they have been for luminaries in the expanse of the heavens to give light upon the earth:' and it is so. And let them be for lights in the firmament of the heaven to give light on the earth: and it was so.
Genesis 1:16 And God made two great lights; the greater light to rule the day, and the lesser light to rule the night: he made the stars also. And God made the two great lights; the greater light to rule the day, and the lesser light to rule the night: he made the stars also. And God made two great lights: a greater light to rule the day; and a lesser light to rule the night: and the stars. And God made the two great lights, the great light to rule the day, and the small light to rule the night, and the stars. And God made the two great lights; the greater light to rule the day, and the lesser light to rule the night: he made the stars also. And God made two great lights; the greater light to rule the day, and the lesser light to rule the night: he made the stars also.God made the two great lights: the greater light to rule the day, and the lesser light to rule the night. He also made the stars. And God maketh the two great luminaries, the great luminary for the rule of the day, and the small luminary &#8212; and the stars &#8212; for the rule of the night; And God made two great lights; the greater light to rule the day, and the lesser light to rule the night: he made the stars also.
Genesis 1:17 And God set them in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth, And God set them in the firmament of heaven to give light upon the earth, And he set them in the firmament of heaven to shine upon the earth. And God set them in the expanse of the heavens, to give light on the earth, And God set them in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth, And God set them in the firmament of the heaven, to give light upon the earth.God set them in the expanse of sky to give light to the earth, and God giveth them in the expanse of the heavens to give light upon the earth, And God set them in the firmament of the heaven to give light on the earth, 
Genesis 1:18 And to rule over the day and over the night, and to divide the light from the darkness: and God saw that it was good. And to rule over the day and over the night, and to divide the light from the darkness: and God saw that it was good. And to rule the day and the night, and to divide the light and the darkness. And God saw that it was good. and to rule during the day and during the night, and to divide between the light and the darkness. And God saw that it was good. And to rule over the day and over the night, and to divide the light from the darkness: and God saw that it was good. And to rule over the day, and over the night, and to divide the light from the darkness: and God saw that it was good. And to rule over the day and over the night, and to divide the light from the darkness. God saw that it was good. And to rule over day and over night, and to make a separation between the light and the darkness; and God seeth that it is good; And to rule over the day and over the night, and to divide the light from the darkness: and God saw that it was good.
Genesis 1:19 And the evening and the morning were the fourth day. And there was evening and there was morning, a fourth day. And the evening and morning were the fourth day. And there was evening, and there was morning a fourth day. And there was evening and there was morning, a fourth day. And the evening and the morning were the fourth day. There was evening and there was morning, a fourth day. And there is an evening, and there is a morning &#8212; day fourth. And the evening and the morning were the fourth day.
Genesis 1:20 And God said, Let the waters bring forth abundantly the moving creature that hath life, and fowl that may fly above the earth in the open firmament of heaven. And God said, Let the waters swarm with swarms of living creatures, and let birds fly above the earth in the open firmament of heaven.God also said: Let the waters bring forth the creeping creature having life, and the fowl that may fly over the earth under the firmament of heaven. And God said, Let the waters swarm with swarms of living souls, and let fowl fly above the earth in the expanse of the heavens. And God said, Let the waters bring forth abundantly the moving creature that hath life, and let fowl fly above the earth in the open firmament of heaven. And God said, Let the waters bring forth abundantly the moving creature that hath life, and fowl that may fly above the earth in the open firmament of heaven.God said, "Let the waters swarm with swarms of living creatures, and let birds fly above the earth in the open expanse of sky." And God saith, 'Let the waters teem with the teeming living creature, and fowl let fly on the earth on the face of the expanse of the heavens.' And God said, Let the waters bring forth abundantly the moving creature that has life, and fowl that may fly above the earth in the open firmament of heaven.
Genesis 1:21 And God created great whales, and every living creature that moveth, which the waters brought forth abundantly, after their kind, and every winged fowl after his kind: and God saw that it was good. And God created the great sea-monsters, and every living creature that moveth, wherewith the waters swarmed, after their kind, and every winged bird after its kind: and God saw that it was good. And God created the great whales, and every living and moving creature, which the waters brought forth, according to their kinds, and every winged fowl according to its kind. And God saw that it was good. And God created the great sea monsters, and every living soul that moves with which the waters swarm, after their kind, and every winged fowl after its kind. And God saw that it was good. And God created the great sea-monsters, and every living creature that moveth, which the waters brought forth abundantly, after their kinds, and every winged fowl after its kind: and God saw that it was good. And God created great whales, and every living creature that moveth, which the waters brought forth abundantly after their kind, and every winged fowl after his kind: and God saw that it was good.God created the large sea creatures, and every living creature that moves, with which the waters swarmed, after their kind, and every winged bird after its kind. God saw that it was good. And God prepareth the great monsters, and every living creature that is creeping, which the waters have teemed with, after their kind, and every fowl with wing, after its kind, and God seeth that it is good. And God created great whales, and every living creature that moves, which the waters brought forth abundantly, after their kind, and every winged fowl after his kind: and God saw that it was good.
Genesis 1:22 And God blessed them, saying, Be fruitful, and multiply, and fill the waters in the seas, and let fowl multiply in the earth. And God blessed them, saying, Be fruitful, and multiply, and fill the waters in the seas, and let birds multiply on the earth. And he blessed them, saying: Increase and multiply, and fill the waters of the sea: and let the birds be multiplied upon the earth. And God blessed them, saying, Be fruitful and multiply, and fill the waters in the seas, and let fowl multiply on the earth. And God blessed them, saying, Be fruitful, and multiply, and fill the waters in the seas, and let fowl multiply in the earth. And God blessed them, saying, Be fruitful, and multiply, and fill the waters in the seas, and let fowl multiply in the earth.God blessed them, saying, "Be fruitful, and multiply, and fill the waters in the seas, and let birds multiply on the earth." And God blesseth them, saying, 'Be fruitful, and multiply, and fill the waters in the seas, and the fowl let multiply in the earth:' And God blessed them, saying, Be fruitful, and multiply, and fill the waters in the seas, and let fowl multiply in the earth.
Genesis 1:23 And the evening and the morning were the fifth day. And there was evening and there was morning, a fifth day. And the evening and morning were the fifth day. And there was evening, and there was morning a fifth day. And there was evening and there was morning, a fifth day. And the evening and the morning were the fifth day. There was evening and there was morning, a fifth day. And there is an evening, and there is a morning &#8212; day fifth. And the evening and the morning were the fifth day.
Genesis 1:24 And God said, Let the earth bring forth the living creature after his kind, cattle, and creeping thing, and beast of the earth after his kind: and it was so. And God said, Let the earth bring forth living creatures after their kind, cattle, and creeping things, and beasts of the earth after their kind: and it was so. And God said: Let the earth bring forth the living creature in its kind, cattle and creeping things, and beasts of the earth, according to their kinds. And it was so done. And God said, Let the earth bring forth living souls after their kind, cattle, and creeping thing, and beast of the earth, after their kind. And it was so. And God said, Let the earth bring forth the living creature after its kind, cattle, and creeping thing, and beast of the earth after its kind: and it was so. And God said, Let the earth bring forth the living creature after his kind, cattle, and the creeping animal, and the beast of the earth after his kind: and it was so.God said, "Let the earth bring forth living creatures after their kind, livestock, creeping things, and animals of the earth after their kind;" and it was so. And God saith, 'Let the earth bring forth the living creature after its kind, cattle and creeping thing, and beast of the earth after its kind:' and it is so. And God said, Let the earth bring forth the living creature after his kind, cattle, and creeping thing, and beast of the earth after his kind: and it was so.
Genesis 1:25 And God made the beast of the earth after his kind, and cattle after their kind, and every thing that creepeth upon the earth after his kind: and God saw that it was good. And God made the beasts of the earth after their kind, and the cattle after their kind, and everything that creepeth upon the ground after its kind: and God saw that it was good. And God made the beasts of the earth according to their kinds, and cattle, and every thing that creepeth on the earth after its kind. And God saw that it was good. And God made the beast of the earth after its kind, and the cattle after their kind, and every creeping thing of the ground after its kind. And God saw that it was good. And God made the beast of the earth after its kind, and the cattle after their kind, and every thing that creepeth upon the ground after its kind: and God saw that it was good. And God made the beast of the earth after his kind, and cattle after their kind, and every animal that creepeth upon the earth after his kind: and God saw that it was good.God made the animals of the earth after their kind, and the livestock after their kind, and everything that creeps on the ground after its kind. God saw that it was good. And God maketh the beast of the earth after its kind, and the cattle after their kind, and every creeping thing of the ground after its kind, and God seeth that it is good. And God made the beast of the earth after his kind, and cattle after their kind, and every thing that creeps on the earth after his kind: and God saw that it was good.
Genesis 1:26 And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness: and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth. And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness: and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the birds of the heavens, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth. And he said: Let us make man to our image and likeness: and let him have dominion over the fishes of the sea, and the fowls of the air, and the beasts, and the whole earth, and every creeping creature that moveth upon the earth. And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness; and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the heavens, and over the cattle, and over the whole earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth on the earth. And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness: and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth. And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness: and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping animal that creepeth upon the earth.God said, "Let us make man in our image, after our likeness: and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the birds of the sky, and over the livestock, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creeps on the earth." And God saith, 'Let Us make man in Our image, according to Our likeness, and let them rule over fish of the sea, and over fowl of the heavens, and over cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that is creeping on the earth.' And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness: and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creeps on the earth.
Genesis 1:27 So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created he them. And God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created he them. And God created man to his own image: to the image of God he created him: male and female he created them. And God created Man in his image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created he them. And God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created he them. So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created he them.God created man in his own image. In God's image he created him; male and female he created them. And God prepareth the man in His image; in the image of God He prepared him, a male and a female He prepared them. So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created he them.
Genesis 1:28 And God blessed them, and God said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it: and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth. And God blessed them: and God said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it; and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the birds of the heavens, and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth. And God blessed them, saying: Increase and multiply, and fill the earth, and subdue it, and rule over the fishes of the sea, and the fowls of the air, and all living creatures that move upon the earth. And God blessed them; and God said to them, Be fruitful and multiply, and fill the earth, and subdue it; and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the heavens, and over every animal that moveth on the earth. And God blessed them: and God said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it; and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth. And God blessed them, and God said to them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it: and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living animal that moveth upon the earth.God blessed them. God said to them, "Be fruitful, multiply, fill the earth, and subdue it. Have dominion over the fish of the sea, over the birds of the sky, and over every living thing that moves on the earth." And God blesseth them, and God saith to them, 'Be fruitful, and multiply, and fill the earth, and subdue it, and rule over fish of the sea, and over fowl of the heavens, and over every living thing that is creeping upon the earth.' And God blessed them, and God said to them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it: and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living thing that moves on the earth.
Genesis 1:29 And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat. And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb yielding seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for food: And God said: Behold I have given you every herb bearing seed upon the earth, and all trees that have in themselves seed of their own kind, to be your meat:  And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb producing seed that is on the whole earth, and every tree in which is the fruit of a tree producing seed: it shall be food for you; And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb yielding seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat: And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for food.God said, "Behold, I have given you every herb yielding seed, which is on the surface of all the earth, and every tree, which bears fruit yielding seed. It will be your food. And God saith, 'Lo, I have given to you every herb sowing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree in which is the fruit of a tree sowing seed, to you it is for food; And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is on the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat.
Genesis 1:30 And to every beast of the earth, and to every fowl of the air, and to every thing that creepeth upon the earth, wherein there is life, I have given every green herb for meat: and it was so. And to every beast of the earth, and to every bird of the heavens, and to everything that creepeth upon the earth, wherein there is life, I have given every green herb for food: and it was so. And to all the beasts of the earth, and to every fowl of the air, and to all that move upon the earth, and wherein there is life, that they may have to feed upon. And it was so done. and to every animal of the earth, and to every fowl of the heavens, and to everything that creepeth on the earth, in which is a living soul, every green herb for food. And it was so. And to every beast of the earth, and to every fowl of the air, and to every thing that creepeth upon the earth, wherein there is life, I have given every green herb for meat: and it was so. And to every beast of the earth, and to every fowl of the air, and to every animal that creepeth upon the earth, in which is life, I have given every green herb for food: and it was so. To every animal of the earth, and to every bird of the sky, and to everything that creeps on the earth, in which there is life, I have given every green herb for food;" and it was so. And to every beast of the earth, and to every fowl of the heavens, and to every creeping thing on the earth, in which is breath of life, every green herb is for food:' and it is so. And to every beast of the earth, and to every fowl of the air, and to every thing that creeps on the earth, wherein there is life, I have given every green herb for meat: and it was so.
Genesis 1:31 And God saw every thing that he had made, and, behold, it was very good. And the evening and the morning were the sixth day. And God saw everything that he had made, and, behold, it was very good. And there was evening and there was morning, the sixth day. And God saw all the things that he had made, and they were very good. And the evening and morning were the sixth day. And God saw everything that he had made, and behold it was very good. And there was evening, and there was morning the sixth day. And God saw every thing that he had made, and, behold, it was very good. And there was evening and there was morning, the sixth day. And God saw every thing that he had made, and behold, it was very good. And the evening and the morning were the sixth day.God saw everything that he had made, and, behold, it was very good. There was evening and there was morning, a sixth day. And God seeth all that He hath done, and lo, very good; and there is an evening, and there is a morning &#8212; day the sixth. And God saw every thing that he had made, and, behold, it was very good. And the evening and the morning were the sixth day.
Genesis 2:1 Thus the heavens and the earth were finished, and all the host of them. And the heavens and the earth were finished, and all the host of them. So the heavens and the earth were finished, and all the furniture of them. And the heavens and the earth and all their host were finished. And the heaven and the earth were finished, and all the host of them. Thus the heavens and the earth were finished, and all the host of them. The heavens and the earth were finished, and all their vast array. And the heavens and the earth are completed, and all their host; Thus the heavens and the earth were finished, and all the host of them.
Genesis 2:2 And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made. And on the seventh day God finished his work which he had made; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made. And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made: and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had done. And God had finished on the seventh day his work which he had made; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made. And on the seventh day God finished his work which he had made; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made. And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made.On the seventh day God finished his work which he had made; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made. And God completeth by the seventh day His work which He hath made, and ceaseth by the seventh day from all His work which He hath made. And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made.
Genesis 2:3 And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it: because that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made. And God blessed the seventh day, and hallowed it; because that in it he rested from all his work which God had created and made. And he blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it: because in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made. And God blessed the seventh day, and hallowed it, because that on it he rested from all his work which God had created in making it. And God blessed the seventh day, and hallowed it: because that in it he rested from all his work which God had created and made. And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it: because that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made.God blessed the seventh day, and made it holy, because he rested in it from all his work which he had created and made. And God blesseth the seventh day, and sanctifieth it, for in it He hath ceased from all His work which God had prepared for making. And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it: because that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made.
Genesis 2:4 These are the generations of the heavens and of the earth when they were created, in the day that the LORD God made the earth and the heavens, These are the generations of the heavens and of the earth when they were created, in the day that Jehovah God made earth and heaven. These are the generations of the heaven and the earth, when they were created, in the day that the Lord God made the heaven and the earth:  These are the histories of the heavens and the earth, when they were created, in the day that Jehovah Elohim made earth and heavens, These are the generations of the heaven and of the earth when they were created, in the day that the LORD God made earth and heaven. These are the generations of the heavens and of the earth when they were created, in the day that the LORD God made the earth and the heavens. This is the history of the generations of the heavens and of the earth when they were created, in the day that Yahweh God made the earth and the heavens. These are births of the heavens and of the earth in their being prepared, in the day of Jehovah God's making earth and heavens; These are the generations of the heavens and of the earth when they were created, in the day that the LORD God made the earth and the heavens, 
Genesis 2:5 And every plant of the field before it was in the earth, and every herb of the field before it grew: for the LORD God had not caused it to rain upon the earth, and there was not a man to till the ground. And no plant of the field was yet in the earth, and no herb of the field had yet sprung up; for Jehovah God had not caused it to rain upon the earth: and there was not a man to till the ground; And every plant of the field before it spring up in the earth, and every herb of the ground before it grew: for the Lord God had not rained upon the earth; and there was not a man to till the earth. and every shrub of the field before it was in the earth, and every herb of the field before it grew; for Jehovah Elohim had not caused it to rain on the earth, and there was no man to till the ground. And no plant of the field was yet in the earth, and no herb of the field had yet sprung up: for the LORD God had not caused it to rain upon the earth, and there was not a man to till the ground; And every plant of the field before it was in the earth, and every herb of the field before it grew: for the LORD God had not caused it to rain on the earth, and there was not a man to till the ground.No plant of the field was yet in the earth, and no herb of the field had yet sprung up; for Yahweh God had not caused it to rain on the earth. There was not a man to till the ground, and no shrub of the field is yet in the earth, and no herb of the field yet sprouteth, for Jehovah God hath not rained upon the earth, and a man there is not to serve the ground, And every plant of the field before it was in the earth, and every herb of the field before it grew: for the LORD God had not caused it to rain on the earth, and there was not a man to till the ground.
Genesis 2:6 But there went up a mist from the earth, and watered the whole face of the ground.but there went up a mist from the earth, and watered the whole face of the ground.But a spring rose out the earth, watering all the surface of the earth. But a mist went up from the earth, and moistened the whole surface of the ground.but there went up a mist from the earth, and watered the whole face of the ground.But there went up a mist from the earth, and watered the whole face of the ground.but a mist went up from the earth, and watered the whole surface of the ground. And a mist goeth up from the earth, and hath watered the whole face of the ground.But there went up a mist from the earth, and watered the whole face of the ground.
Genesis 2:7 And the LORD God formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul. And Jehovah God formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul. And the Lord God formed man of the slime of the earth: and breathed into his face the breath of life, and man became a living soul. And Jehovah Elohim formed Man, dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and Man became a living soul. And the LORD God formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul. And the LORD God formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul.Yahweh God formed man from the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul. And Jehovah God formeth the man &#8212; dust from the ground, and breatheth into his nostrils breath of life, and the man becometh a living creature. And the LORD God formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul.
Genesis 2:8 And the LORD God planted a garden eastward in Eden; and there he put the man whom he had formed. And Jehovah God planted a garden eastward, in Eden; and there he put the man whom he had formed. And the Lord God had planted a paradise of pleasure from the beginning: wherein he placed man whom he had formed. And Jehovah Elohim planted a garden in Eden eastward, and there put Man whom he had formed. And the LORD God planted a garden eastward, in Eden; and there he put the man whom he had formed. And the LORD God planted a garden eastward in Eden; and there he put the man whom he had formed.Yahweh God planted a garden eastward, in Eden, and there he put the man whom he had formed. And Jehovah God planteth a garden in Eden, at the east, and He setteth there the man whom He hath formed; And the LORD God planted a garden eastward in Eden; and there he put the man whom he had formed.
Genesis 2:9 And out of the ground made the LORD God to grow every tree that is pleasant to the sight, and good for food; the tree of life also in the midst of the garden, and the tree of knowledge of good and evil. And out of the ground made Jehovah God to grow every tree that is pleasant to the sight, and good for food; the tree of life also in the midst of the garden, and the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. And the Lord God brought forth of the ground all manner of trees, fair to behold, and pleasant to eat of: the tree of life also in the midst of paradise: and the tree of knowledge of good and evil. And out of the ground Jehovah Elohim made every tree grow that is pleasant to the sight, and good for food; and the tree of life, in the midst of the garden, and the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. And out of the ground made the LORD God to grow every tree that is pleasant to the sight, and good for food; the tree of life also in the midst of the garden, and the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. And out of the ground made the LORD God to grow every tree that is pleasant to the sight, and good for food; the tree of life also in the midst of the garden, and the tree of knowledge of good and evil.Out of the ground Yahweh God made every tree to grow that is pleasant to the sight, and good for food; the tree of life also in the middle of the garden, and the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. And Jehovah God causeth to sprout from the ground every tree desirable for appearance, and good for food, and the tree of life in the midst of the garden, and the tree of knowledge of good and evil. And out of the ground made the LORD God to grow every tree that is pleasant to the sight, and good for food; the tree of life also in the middle of the garden, and the tree of knowledge of good and evil.
Genesis 2:10 And a river went out of Eden to water the garden; and from thence it was parted, and became into four heads. And a river went out of Eden to water the garden; and from thence it was parted, and became four heads. And a river went out the place of pleasure to water paradise, which from thence is divided into four heads. And a river went out of Eden, to water the garden; and from thence it was parted, and became four main streams. And a river went out of Eden to water the garden; and from thence it was parted, and became four heads. And a river went out of Eden to water the garden: and from thence it was parted, and became into four heads. A river went out of Eden to water the garden; and from there it was parted, and became four heads. And a river is going out from Eden to water the garden, and from thence it is parted, and hath become four chief rivers; And a river went out of Eden to water the garden; and from there it was parted, and became into four heads.
Genesis 2:11 The name of the first is Pison: that is it which compasseth the whole land of Havilah, where there is gold; The name of the first is Pishon: that is it which compasseth the whole land of Havilah, where there is gold; The name of the one is Phison: that is it which compasseth all the land of Hevilath, where gold groweth. The name of the one is Pison: that is it which surrounds the whole land of Havilah, where the gold is. The name of the first is Pishon: that is it which compasseth the whole land of Havilah, where there is gold; The name of the first is Pison, which compasseth the whole land of Havilah, where there is gold; The name of the first is Pishon: this is the one which flows through the whole land of Havilah, where there is gold; the name of the one is Pison, it is that which is surrounding the whole land of the Havilah where the gold is, The name of the first is Pison: that is it which compasses the whole land of Havilah, where there is gold; 
Genesis 2:12 And the gold of that land is good: there is bdellium and the onyx stone. And the gold of that land is good: there is bdellium and the onyx stone. And the gold of that land is very good: there is found bdellium, and the onyx stone. And the gold of that land is good; bdellium and the onyx stone are there. And the gold of that land is good: there is bdellium and the onyx stone. And the gold of that land is good: there is bdellium and the onyx-stone. And the gold of that land is good. There is aromatic resin and the onyx stone. And the gold of that land is good, there is the bdolach and the shoham stone; And the gold of that land is good: there is bdellium and the onyx stone.
Genesis 2:13 And the name of the second river is Gihon: the same is it that compasseth the whole land of Ethiopia. And the name of the second river is Gihon: the same is it that compasseth the whole land of Cush. And the name of the second river is Gehon: the same is it that compasseth all the land of Ethiopia  And the name of the second river is Gihon: that is it which surrounds the whole land of Cush. And the name of the second river is Gihon: the same is it that compasseth the whole land of Cush. And the name of the second river is Gihon: the same that compasseth the whole land of Cush. The name of the second river is Gihon: the same river that flows through the whole land of Cush. And the name of the second river is Gibon, it is that which is surrounding the whole land of Cush; And the name of the second river is Gihon: the same is it that compasses the whole land of Ethiopia.
Genesis 2:14 And the name of the third river is Hiddekel: that is it which goeth toward the east of Assyria. And the fourth river is Euphrates. And the name of the third river is Hiddekel: that is it which goeth in front of Assyria. And the fourth river is the Euphrates. And the name of the third river is Tigris: the same passeth along by the Assyrians. And the fourth river is Euphrates. And the name of the third river is Hiddekel: that is it which flows forward toward Asshur. And the fourth river, that is Euphrates. And the name of the third river is Hiddekel: that is it which goeth in front of Assyria. And the fourth river is Euphrates. And the name of the third river is Hiddekel: which floweth toward the east of Assyria. And the fourth river is Euphrates. The name of the third river is Hiddekel: this is the one which flows in front of Assyria. The fourth river is the Euphrates. And the name of the third river is Hiddekel, it is that which is going east of Asshur; and the fourth river is Phrat. And the name of the third river is Hiddekel: that is it which goes toward the east of Assyria. And the fourth river is Euphrates.
Genesis 2:15 And the LORD God took the man, and put him into the garden of Eden to dress it and to keep it. And Jehovah God took the man, and put him into the garden of Eden to dress it and to keep it. And the Lord God took man, and put him into the paradise for pleasure, to dress it, and keep it. And Jehovah Elohim took Man, and put him into the garden of Eden, to till it and to guard it. And the LORD God took the man, and put him into the garden of Eden to dress it and to keep it. And the LORD God took the man, and put him into the garden of Eden, to dress it, and to keep it.Yahweh God took the man, and put him into the garden of Eden to dress it and to keep it. And Jehovah God taketh the man, and causeth him to rest in the garden of Eden, to serve it, and to keep it. And the LORD God took the man, and put him into the garden of Eden to dress it and to keep it.
Genesis 2:16 And the LORD God commanded the man, saying, Of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat: And Jehovah God commanded the man, saying, Of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat: And he commanded him, saying: Of every tree of paradise thou shalt eat:  And Jehovah Elohim commanded Man, saying, Of every tree of the garden thou shalt freely eat; And the LORD God commanded the man, saying, Of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat: And the LORD God commanded the man, saying, Of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat: Yahweh God commanded the man, saying, "Of every tree of the garden you may freely eat; And Jehovah God layeth a charge on the man, saying, 'Of every tree of the garden eating thou dost eat; And the LORD God commanded the man, saying, Of every tree of the garden you may freely eat: 
Genesis 2:17 But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die.but of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die.But of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat. for in what day soever thou shalt eat of it, thou shalt die the death. but of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it; for in the day that thou eatest of it thou shalt certainly die.but of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die.But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou eatest of it thou shalt surely die.but of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, you shall not eat of it; for in the day that you eat of it you will surely die." and of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, thou dost not eat of it, for in the day of thine eating of it &#8212; dying thou dost die.' But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, you shall not eat of it: for in the day that you eat thereof you shall surely die.
Genesis 2:18 And the LORD God said, It is not good that the man should be alone; I will make him an help meet for him. And Jehovah God said, It is not good that the man should be alone; I will make him a help meet for him. And the Lord God said: It is not good for man to be alone: let us make him a help like unto himself. And Jehovah Elohim said, It is not good that Man should be alone; I will make him a helpmate, his like. And the LORD God said, It is not good that the man should be alone; I will make him an help meet for him. And the LORD God said, It is not good that the man should be alone: I will make him a help meet for him.Yahweh God said, "It is not good that the man should be alone; I will make him a helper suitable for him." And Jehovah God saith, 'Not good for the man to be alone, I do make to him an helper &#8212; as his counterpart.' And the LORD God said, It is not good that the man should be alone; I will make him an help meet for him.
Genesis 2:19 And out of the ground the LORD God formed every beast of the field, and every fowl of the air; and brought them unto Adam to see what he would call them: and whatsoever Adam called every living creature, that was the name thereof. And out of the ground Jehovah God formed every beast of the field, and every bird of the heavens; and brought them unto the man to see what he would call them: and whatsoever the man called every living creature, that was the name thereof. And the Lord God having formed out of the ground all the beasts of the earth, and all the fowls of the air, brought them to Adam to see what he would call them: for whatsoever Adam called any living creature the same is its name. And out of the ground Jehovah Elohim had formed every animal of the field and all fowl of the heavens, and brought them to Man, to see what he would call them; and whatever Man called each living soul, that was its name. And out of the ground the LORD God formed every beast of the field, and every fowl of the air; and brought them unto the man to see what he would call them: and whatsoever the man called every living creature, that was the name thereof. And out of the ground the LORD God formed every beast of the field, and every fowl of the air, and brought them to Adam to see what he would call them; and whatsoever Adam called every living creature, that was its name.Out of the ground Yahweh God formed every animal of the field, and every bird of the sky, and brought them to the man to see what he would call them. Whatever the man called every living creature, that was its name. And Jehovah God formeth from the ground every beast of the field, and every fowl of the heavens, and bringeth in unto the man, to see what he doth call it; and whatever the man calleth a living creature, that is its name. And out of the ground the LORD God formed every beast of the field, and every fowl of the air; and brought them to Adam to see what he would call them: and whatever Adam called every living creature, that was the name thereof.
Genesis 2:20 And Adam gave names to all cattle, and to the fowl of the air, and to every beast of the field; but for Adam there was not found an help meet for him. And the man gave names to all cattle, and to the birds of the heavens, and to every beast of the field; but for man there was not found a help meet for him. And Adam called all the beasts by their names, and all the fowls of the air, and all the cattle of the field: but for Adam there was not found a helper like himself. And Man gave names to all cattle, and to the fowl of the heavens, and to every beast of the field; but as for Adam, he found no helpmate, his like. And the man gave names to all cattle, and to the fowl of the air, and to every beast of the field; but for man there was not found an help meet for him. And Adam gave names to all cattle, and to the fowls of the air, and to every beast of the field: but for Adam there was not found a help meet for him. The man gave names to all livestock, and to the birds of the sky, and to every animal of the field; but for man there was not found a helper suitable for him. And the man calleth names to all the cattle, and to fowl of the heavens, and to every beast of the field; and to man hath not been found an helper &#8212; as his counterpart. And Adam gave names to all cattle, and to the fowl of the air, and to every beast of the field; but for Adam there was not found an help meet for him.
Genesis 2:21 And the LORD God caused a deep sleep to fall upon Adam, and he slept: and he took one of his ribs, and closed up the flesh instead thereof; And Jehovah God caused a deep sleep to fall upon the man, and he slept; and he took one of his ribs, and closed up the flesh instead thereof: Then the Lord God cast a deep sleep upon Adam: and when he was fast asleep, he took one of his ribs, and filled up flesh for it. And Jehovah Elohim caused a deep sleep to fall upon Man; and he slept. And he took one of his ribs and closed up flesh in its stead. And the LORD God caused a deep sleep to fall upon the man, and he slept; and he took one of his ribs, and closed up the flesh instead thereof: And the LORD God caused a deep sleep to fall upon Adam, and he slept; and he took one of his ribs, and closed up the flesh in its place.Yahweh God caused a deep sleep to fall on the man, and he slept; and he took one of his ribs, and closed up the flesh in its place. And Jehovah God causeth a deep sleep to fall upon the man, and he sleepeth, and He taketh one of his ribs, and closeth up flesh in its stead. And the LORD God caused a deep sleep to fall on Adam, and he slept: and he took one of his ribs, and closed up the flesh instead thereof; 
Genesis 2:22 And the rib, which the LORD God had taken from man, made he a woman, and brought her unto the man. And the rib, which Jehovah God had taken from the man, made he a woman, and brought her unto the man. And the Lord God built the rib which he took from Adam into a woman: and brought her to Adam. And Jehovah Elohim built the rib that he had taken from Man into a woman; and brought her to Man. And the rib, which the LORD God had taken from the man, made he a woman, and brought her unto the man. And the rib, which the LORD God had taken from man, he made woman, and brought her to the man.He made the rib, which Yahweh God had taken from the man, into a woman, and brought her to the man. And Jehovah God buildeth up the rib which He hath taken out of the man into a woman, and bringeth her in unto the man; And the rib, which the LORD God had taken from man, made he a woman, and brought her to the man.
Genesis 2:23 And Adam said, This is now bone of my bones, and flesh of my flesh: she shall be called Woman, because she was taken out of Man. And the man said, This is now bone of my bones, and flesh of my flesh: she shall be called Woman, because she was taken out of Man. And Adam said: This now is bone of my bones, and flesh of my flesh; she shall be called woman, because she was taken out of man. And Man said, This time it is bone of my bones and flesh of my flesh: this shall be called Woman, because this was taken out of a man. And the man said, This is now bone of my bones, and flesh of my flesh: she shall be called Woman, because she was taken out of Man. And Adam said, This is now bone of my bones, and flesh of my flesh: she shall be called Woman, because she was taken out of man. The man said, "This is now bone of my bones, and flesh of my flesh. She will be called 'woman,' because she was taken out of Man." and the man saith, 'This is the proper step! bone of my bone, and flesh of my flesh!' for this it is called Woman, for from a man hath this been taken; And Adam said, This is now bone of my bones, and flesh of my flesh: she shall be called Woman, because she was taken out of Man.
Genesis 2:24 Therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother, and shall cleave unto his wife: and they shall be one flesh. Therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother, and shall cleave unto his wife: and they shall be one flesh.Wherefore a man shall leave father and mother, and shall cleave to his wife: and they shall be two in one flesh. Therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother, and cleave to his wife; and they shall become one flesh. Therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother, and shall cleave unto his wife: and they shall be one flesh. Therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother, and shall cleave to his wife: and they shall be one flesh. Therefore a man will leave his father and his mother, and will join with his wife, and they will be one flesh. Therefore doth a man leave his father and his mother, and hath cleaved unto his wife, and they have become one flesh. Therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother, and shall join to his wife: and they shall be one flesh.
Genesis 2:25 And they were both naked, the man and his wife, and were not ashamed. And they were both naked, the man and his wife, and were not ashamed. And they were both naked: to wit, Adam and his wife: and were not ashamed. And they were both naked, Man and his wife, and were not ashamed. And they were both naked, the man and his wife, and were not ashamed. And they were both naked, the man and his wife, and were not ashamed. They were both naked, the man and his wife, and were not ashamed. And they are both of them naked, the man and his wife, and they are not ashamed of themselves. And they were both naked, the man and his wife, and were not ashamed.
Genesis 3:1 Now the serpent was more subtil than any beast of the field which the LORD God had made. And he said unto the woman, Yea, hath God said, Ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden? Now the serpent was more subtle than any beast of the field which Jehovah God had made. And he said unto the woman, Yea, hath God said, Ye shall not eat of any tree of the garden? Now the serpent was more subtle than any of the beasts of the earth which the Lord God made. And he said to the woman: Why hath God commanded you, that you should not eat of every tree of paradise?  And the serpent was more crafty than any animal of the field which Jehovah Elohim had made. And it said to the woman, Is it even so, that God has said, Ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden? Now the serpent was more subtil than any beast of the field which the LORD God had made. And he said unto the woman, Yea, hath God said, Ye shall not eat of any tree of the garden? Now the serpent was more subtil than any beast of the field which the LORD God had made: and he said to the woman, Yea, hath God said, Ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden? Now the serpent was more subtle than any animal of the field which Yahweh God had made. He said to the woman, "Has God really said, 'You shall not eat of any tree of the garden?'" And the serpent hath been subtile above every beast of the field which Jehovah God hath made, and he saith unto the woman, 'Is it true that God hath said, Ye do not eat of every tree of the garden?' Now the serpent was more subtle than any beast of the field which the LORD God had made. And he said to the woman, Yes, has God said, You shall not eat of every tree of the garden? 
Genesis 3:2 And the woman said unto the serpent, We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden: And the woman said unto the serpent, Of the fruit of the trees of the garden we may eat: And the woman answered him, saying: Of the fruit of the trees that are in paradise we do eat:  And the woman said to the serpent, We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden; And the woman said unto the serpent, Of the fruit of the trees of the garden we may eat: And the woman said to the serpent, We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden: The woman said to the serpent, "Of the fruit of the trees of the garden we may eat, And the woman saith unto the serpent, 'Of the fruit of the trees of the garden we do eat, And the woman said to the serpent, We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden: 
Genesis 3:3 But of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden, God hath said, Ye shall not eat of it, neither shall ye touch it, lest ye die.but of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden, God hath said, Ye shall not eat of it, neither shall ye touch it, lest ye die.But of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of paradise, God hath commanded us that we should not eat; and that we should not touch it, lest perhaps we die. but of the fruit of the tree that is in the midst of the garden, God has said, Ye shall not eat of it, and ye shall not touch it, lest ye die.but of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden, God hath said, Ye shall not eat of it, neither shall ye touch it, lest ye die.But of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden, God hath said, Ye shall not eat of it, neither shall ye touch it, lest ye die.but of the fruit of the tree which is in the middle of the garden, God has said, 'You shall not eat of it, neither shall you touch it, lest you die.'" and of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden God hath said, Ye do not eat of it, nor touch it, lest ye die.' But of the fruit of the tree which is in the middle of the garden, God has said, You shall not eat of it, neither shall you touch it, lest you die.
Genesis 3:4 And the serpent said unto the woman, Ye shall not surely die: And the serpent said unto the woman, Ye shall not surely die: And the serpent said to the woman: No, you shall not die the death. And the serpent said to the woman, Ye will not certainly die; And the serpent said unto the woman, Ye shall not surely die: And the serpent said to the woman, Ye shall not surely die: The serpent said to the woman, "You won't surely die, And the serpent saith unto the woman, 'Dying, ye do not die, And the serpent said to the woman, You shall not surely die: 
Genesis 3:5 For God doth know that in the day ye eat thereof, then your eyes shall be opened, and ye shall be as gods, knowing good and evil.for God doth know that in the day ye eat thereof, then your eyes shall be opened, and ye shall be as God, knowing good and evil.For God doth know that in what day soever you shall eat thereof, your eyes shall be opened: and you shall be as Gods, knowing good and evil. but God knows that in the day ye eat of it, your eyes will be opened, and ye will be as God, knowing good and evil.for God doth know that in the day ye eat thereof, then your eyes shall be opened, and ye shall be as God, knowing good and evil.For God doth know, that in the day ye eat of it, then your eyes shall be opened: and ye shall be as gods, knowing good and evil.for God knows that in the day you eat it, your eyes will be opened, and you will be like God, knowing good and evil." for God doth know that in the day of your eating of it &#8212; your eyes have been opened, and ye have been as God, knowing good and evil.' For God does know that in the day you eat thereof, then your eyes shall be opened, and you shall be as gods, knowing good and evil.
Genesis 3:6 And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food, and that it was pleasant to the eyes, and a tree to be desired to make one wise, she took of the fruit thereof, and did eat, and gave also unto her husband with her; and he did eat. And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food, and that it was a delight to the eyes, and that the tree was to be desired to make one wise, she took of the fruit thereof, and did eat; and she gave also unto her husband with her, and he did eat. And the woman saw that the tree was good to eat, and fair to the eyes, and delightful to behold: and she took of the fruit thereof, and did eat, and gave to her husband who did eat. And the woman saw that the tree was good for food, and that it was a pleasure for the eyes, and the tree was to be desired to give intelligence; and she took of its fruit, and ate, and gave also to her husband with her, and he ate. And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food, and that it was a delight to the eyes, and that the tree was to be desired to make one wise, she took of the fruit thereof, and did eat; and she gave also unto her husband with her, and he did eat. And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food, and that it was pleasant to the eyes, and a tree to be desired to make one wise; she took of its fruit, and ate, and gave also to her husband with her, and he ate.When the woman saw that the tree was good for food, and that it was a delight to the eyes, and that the tree was to be desired to make one wise, she took of its fruit, and ate; and she gave some to her husband with her, and he ate. And the woman seeth that the tree is good for food, and that it is pleasant to the eyes, and the tree is desirable to make one wise, and she taketh of its fruit and eateth, and giveth also to her husband with her, and he doth eat; And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food, and that it was pleasant to the eyes, and a tree to be desired to make one wise, she took of the fruit thereof, and did eat, and gave also to her husband with her; and he did eat.
Genesis 3:7 And the eyes of them both were opened, and they knew that they were naked; and they sewed fig leaves together, and made themselves aprons. And the eyes of them both were opened, and they knew that they were naked; and they sewed fig-leaves together, and made themselves aprons. And the eyes of them both were opened: and when they perceived themselves to be naked, they sewed together fig leaves, and made themselves aprons. And the eyes of them both were opened, and they knew that they were naked. And they sewed fig-leaves together, and made themselves aprons. And the eyes of them both were opened, and they knew that they were naked; and they sewed fig leaves together, and made themselves aprons. And the eyes of them both were opened, and they knew that they were naked: and they sewed fig-leaves together, and made for themselves aprons. The eyes of both of them were opened, and they knew that they were naked. They sewed fig leaves together, and made themselves aprons. And the eyes of them both are opened, and they know that they are naked, and they sew fig-leaves, and make to themselves girdles. And the eyes of them both were opened, and they knew that they were naked; and they sewed fig leaves together, and made themselves aprons.
Genesis 3:8 And they heard the voice of the LORD God walking in the garden in the cool of the day: and Adam and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the LORD God amongst the trees of the garden. And they heard the voice of Jehovah God walking in the garden in the cool of the day: and the man and his wife hid themselves from the presence of Jehovah God amongst the trees of the garden. And when they heard the voice of the Lord God walking in paradise at the afternoon air, Adam and his wife hid themselves from the face of the Lord God, amidst the trees of paradise. And they heard the voice of Jehovah Elohim, walking in the garden in the cool of the day. And Man and his wife hid themselves from the presence of Jehovah Elohim, in the midst of the trees of the garden. And they heard the voice of the LORD God walking in the garden in the cool of the day: and the man and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the LORD God amongst the trees of the garden. And they heard the voice of the LORD God walking in the garden in the cool of the day: and Adam and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the LORD God amongst the trees of the garden. They heard the voice of Yahweh God walking in the garden in the cool of the day, and the man and his wife hid themselves from the presence of Yahweh God among the trees of the garden. And they hear the sound of Jehovah God walking up and down in the garden at the breeze of the day, and the man and his wife hide themselves from the face of Jehovah God in the midst of the trees of the garden. And they heard the voice of the LORD God walking in the garden in the cool of the day: and Adam and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the LORD God among the trees of the garden.
Genesis 3:9 And the LORD God called unto Adam, and said unto him, Where art thou? And Jehovah God called unto the man, and said unto him, Where art thou? And the Lord God called Adam, and said to him: Where art thou?  And Jehovah Elohim called to Man, and said to him, Where art thou? And the LORD God called unto the man, and said unto him, Where art thou? And the LORD God called to Adam, and said to him, Where art thou? Yahweh God called to the man, and said to him, "Where are you?" And Jehovah God calleth unto the man, and saith to him, 'Where art thou?' And the LORD God called to Adam, and said to him, Where are you? 
Genesis 3:10 And he said, I heard thy voice in the garden, and I was afraid, because I was naked; and I hid myself. And he said, I heard thy voice in the garden, and I was afraid, because I was naked; and I hid myself. And he said: I heard thy voice in paradise; and I was afraid, because I was naked, and I hid myself. And he said, I heard thy voice in the garden, and I feared, because I am naked; and I hid myself. And he said, I heard thy voice in the garden, and I was afraid, because I was naked; and I hid myself. And he said, I heard thy voice in the garden: and I was afraid, because I was naked; and I hid myself. The man said, "I heard your voice in the garden, and I was afraid, because I was naked; and I hid myself." and he saith, 'Thy sound I have heard in the garden, and I am afraid, for I am naked, and I hide myself.' And he said, I heard your voice in the garden, and I was afraid, because I was naked; and I hid myself.
Genesis 3:11 And he said, Who told thee that thou wast naked? Hast thou eaten of the tree, whereof I commanded thee that thou shouldest not eat? And he said, Who told thee that thou wast naked? Hast thou eaten of the tree, whereof I commanded thee that thou shouldest not eat? And he said to him: And who hath told thee that thou wast naked, but that thou hast eaten of the tree whereof I commanded thee that thou shouldst not eat?  And he said, Who told thee that thou art naked? Hast thou eaten of the tree of which I commanded thee not to eat? And he said, Who told thee that thou wast naked? Hast thou eaten of the tree, whereof I commanded thee that thou shouldest not eat? And he said, Who told thee that thou wast naked? Hast thou eaten of the tree of which I commanded thee, that thou shouldest not eat? God said, "Who told you that you were naked? Have you eaten from the tree that I commanded you not to eat from?" And He saith, 'Who hath declared to thee that thou art naked? of the tree of which I have commanded thee not to eat, hast thou eaten?' And he said, Who told you that you were naked? Have you eaten of the tree, whereof I commanded you that you should not eat? 
Genesis 3:12 And the man said, The woman whom thou gavest to be with me, she gave me of the tree, and I did eat. And the man said, The woman whom thou gavest to be with me, she gave me of the tree, and I did eat. And Adam said: The woman, whom thou gavest me to be my companion, gave me of the tree, and I did eat. And Man said, The woman, whom thou hast given to be with me, she gave me of the tree, and I ate. And the man said, The woman whom thou gavest to be with me, she gave me of the tree, and I did eat. And the man said, The woman, whom thou gavest to be with me, she gave me of the tree, and I ate. The man said, "The woman whom you gave to be with me, she gave me of the tree, and I ate." and the man saith, 'The woman whom Thou didst place with me &#8212; she hath given to me of the tree &#8212; and I do eat.' And the man said, The woman whom you gave to be with me, she gave me of the tree, and I did eat.
Genesis 3:13 And the LORD God said unto the woman, What is this that thou hast done? And the woman said, The serpent beguiled me, and I did eat. And Jehovah God said unto the woman, What is this thou hast done? And the woman said, The serpent beguiled me, and I did eat. And the Lord God said to the woman: Why hast thou done this? And she answered: The serpent deceived me, and I did eat. And Jehovah Elohim said to the woman, What is this thou hast done? And the woman said, The serpent deceived me, and I ate. And the LORD God said unto the woman, What is this thou hast done? And the woman said, The serpent beguiled me, and I did eat. And the LORD God said to the woman, What is this that thou hast done? And the woman said, The serpent beguiled me, and I ate.Yahweh God said to the woman, "What is this you have done?" The woman said, "The serpent deceived me, and I ate." And Jehovah God saith to the woman, 'What is this thou hast done?' and the woman saith, 'The serpent hath caused me to forget &#8212; and I do eat.' And the LORD God said to the woman, What is this that you have done? And the woman said, The serpent beguiled me, and I did eat.
Genesis 3:14 And the LORD God said unto the serpent, Because thou hast done this, thou art cursed above all cattle, and above every beast of the field; upon thy belly shalt thou go, and dust shalt thou eat all the days of thy life: And Jehovah God said unto the serpent, Because thou hast done this, cursed art thou above all cattle, and above every beast of the field; upon thy belly shalt thou go, and dust shalt thou eat all the days of thy life: And the Lord God said to the serpent: Because thou hast done this thing, thou art cursed among all cattle, and the beasts of the earth: upon thy breast shalt thou go, and earth shalt thou eat all the days of thy life. And Jehovah Elohim said to the serpent, Because thou hast done this, be thou cursed above all cattle, and above every beast of the field. On thy belly shalt thou go, and eat dust all the days of thy life. And the LORD God said unto the serpent, Because thou hast done this, cursed art thou above all cattle, and above every beast of the field; upon thy belly shalt thou go, and dust shalt thou eat all the days of thy life: And the LORD God said to the serpent, Because thou hast done this, thou art cursed above all cattle, and above every beast of the field: upon thy belly shalt thou go, and dust shalt thou eat all the days of thy life: Yahweh God said to the serpent, "Because you have done this, you are cursed above all livestock, and above every animal of the field. On your belly you shall go, and you shall eat dust all the days of your life. And Jehovah God saith unto the serpent, 'Because thou hast done this, cursed art thou above all the cattle, and above every beast of the field: on thy belly dost thou go, and dust thou dost eat, all days of thy life; And the LORD God said to the serpent, Because you have done this, you are cursed above all cattle, and above every beast of the field; on your belly shall you go, and dust shall you eat all the days of your life: 
Genesis 3:15 And I will put enmity between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed; it shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel. And I will put enmity between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed: he shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel.I will put enmities between thee and the woman, and thy seed and her seed: she shall crush thy head, and thou shalt lie in wait for her heel. And I will put enmity between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed; he shall crush thy head, and thou shalt crush his heel. And I will put enmity between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed: it shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel. And I will put enmity between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed: it shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel.I will put enmity between you and the woman, and between your offspring and her offspring. He will bruise your head, and you will bruise his heel." and enmity I put between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed; he doth bruise thee &#8212; the head, and thou dost bruise him &#8212; the heel.' And I will put enmity between you and the woman, and between your seed and her seed; it shall bruise your head, and you shall bruise his heel.
Genesis 3:16 Unto the woman he said, I will greatly multiply thy sorrow and thy conception; in sorrow thou shalt bring forth children; and thy desire shall be to thy husband, and he shall rule over thee.Unto the woman he said, I will greatly multiply thy pain and thy conception; in pain thou shalt bring forth children; and thy desire shall be to thy husband, and he shall rule over thee. To the woman also he said: I will multiply thy sorrows, and thy conceptions: in sorrow shalt thou bring forth children, and thou shalt be under thy husband's power, and he shall have dominion over thee. To the woman he said, I will greatly increase thy travail and thy pregnancy; with pain thou shalt bear children; and to thy husband shall be thy desire, and he shall rule over thee.Unto the woman he said, I will greatly multiply thy sorrow and thy conception; in sorrow thou shalt bring forth children; and thy desire shall be to thy husband, and he shall rule over thee. To the woman he said, I will greatly multiply thy sorrow and thy conception; in sorrow thou shalt bring forth children: and thy desire shall be to thy husband, and he shall rule over thee. To the woman he said, "I will greatly multiply your pain in childbirth. In pain you will bring forth children. Your desire will be for your husband, and he will rule over you." Unto the woman He said, 'Multiplying I multiply thy sorrow and thy conception, in sorrow dost thou bear children, and toward thy husband is thy desire, and he doth rule over thee.' To the woman he said, I will greatly multiply your sorrow and your conception; in sorrow you shall bring forth children; and your desire shall be to your husband, and he shall rule over you.
Genesis 3:17 And unto Adam he said, Because thou hast hearkened unto the voice of thy wife, and hast eaten of the tree, of which I commanded thee, saying, Thou shalt not eat of it: cursed is the ground for thy sake; in sorrow shalt thou eat of it all the days of thy life; And unto Adam he said, Because thou hast hearkened unto the voice of thy wife, and hast eaten of the tree, of which I commanded thee, saying, Thou shalt not eat of it: cursed is the ground for thy sake; in toil shalt thou eat of it all the days of thy life; And to Adam he said: Because thou hast hearkened to the voice of thy wife, and hast eaten of the tree, whereof I commanded thee that thou shouldst not eat, cursed is the earth in thy work; with labour and toil shalt thou eat thereof all the days of thy life. And to Adam he said, Because thou hast hearkened to the voice of thy wife, and eaten of the tree of which I commanded thee saying, Thou shalt not eat of it: cursed be the ground on thy account; with toil shalt thou eat of it all the days of thy life; And unto Adam he said, Because thou hast hearkened unto the voice of thy wife, and hast eaten of the tree, of which I commanded thee, saying, Thou shalt not eat of it: cursed is the ground for thy sake; in toil shalt thou eat of it all the days of thy life; And to Adam he said, Because thou hast hearkened to the voice of thy wife, and hast eaten of the tree of which I commanded thee, saying, Thou shalt not eat of it: cursed is the ground for thy sake; in sorrow shalt thou eat of it all the days of thy life; To Adam he said, "Because you have listened to your wife's voice, and have eaten of the tree, of which I commanded you, saying, 'You shall not eat of it,' cursed is the ground for your sake. In toil you will eat of it all the days of your life. And to the man He said, 'Because thou hast hearkened to the voice of thy wife, and dost eat of the tree concerning which I have charged thee, saying, Thou dost not eat of it, cursed is the ground on thine account; in sorrow thou dost eat of it all days of thy life, And to Adam he said, Because you have listened to the voice of your wife, and have eaten of the tree, of which I commanded you, saying, You shall not eat of it: cursed is the ground for your sake; in sorrow shall you eat of it all the days of your life; 
Genesis 3:18 Thorns also and thistles shall it bring forth to thee; and thou shalt eat the herb of the field; thorns also and thistles shall it bring forth to thee; and thou shalt eat the herb of the field; Thorns and thistles shall it bring forth to thee; and thou eat the herbs of the earth. and thorns and thistles shall it yield thee; and thou shalt eat the herb of the field. Thorns also and thistles shall it bring forth to thee; and thou shalt eat the herb of the field; Thorns also and thistles shall it bring forth to thee; and thou shalt eat the herb of the field; Thorns also and thistles will it bring forth to you; and you will eat the herb of the field. And thorn and bramble it doth bring forth to thee, and thou hast eaten the herb of the field; Thorns also and thistles shall it bring forth to you; and you shall eat the herb of the field; 
Genesis 3:19 In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread, till thou return unto the ground; for out of it wast thou taken: for dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou return.in the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread, till thou return unto the ground; for out of it wast thou taken: for dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou return.In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread till thou return to the earth, out of which thou wast taken: for dust thou art, and into dust thou shalt return. In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread, until thou return to the ground: for out of it wast thou taken. For dust thou art; and unto dust shalt thou return.in the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread, till thou return unto the ground; for out of it wast thou taken: for dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou return.In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread, till thou shalt return to the ground; for out of it wast thou taken: for dust thou art, and to dust shalt thou return.By the sweat of your face will you eat bread until you return to the ground, for out of it you were taken. For you are dust, and to dust you shall return." by the sweat of thy face thou dost eat bread till thy return unto the ground, for out of it hast thou been taken, for dust thou art, and unto dust thou turnest back.' In the sweat of your face shall you eat bread, till you return to the ground; for out of it were you taken: for dust you are, and to dust shall you return.
Genesis 3:20 And Adam called his wife's name Eve; because she was the mother of all living. And the man called his wife's name Eve; because she was the mother of all living. And Adam called the name of his wife Eve: because she was the mother of all the living. And Man called his wife's name Eve; because she is the mother of all living. And the man called his wife's name Eve; because she was the mother of all living. And Adam called his wife's name Eve, because she was the mother of all living. The man called his wife Eve, because she was the mother of all living. And the man calleth his wife's name Eve: for she hath been mother of all living. And Adam called his wife's name Eve; because she was the mother of all living.
Genesis 3:21 Unto Adam also and to his wife did the LORD God make coats of skins, and clothed them. And Jehovah God made for Adam and for his wife coats of skins, and clothed them. And the Lord God made for Adam and his wife, garments of skins, and clothed them. And Jehovah Elohim made Adam and his wife coats of skin, and clothed them. And the LORD God made for Adam and for his wife coats of skins, and clothed them.For Adam also and for his wife the LORD God made coats of skins, and clothed them.Yahweh God made coats of skins for Adam and for his wife, and clothed them. And Jehovah God doth make to the man and to his wife coats of skin, and doth clothe them. To Adam also and to his wife did the LORD God make coats of skins, and clothed them.
Genesis 3:22 And the LORD God said, Behold, the man is become as one of us, to know good and evil: and now, lest he put forth his hand, and take also of the tree of life, and eat, and live for ever: And Jehovah God said, Behold, the man is become as one of us, to know good and evil; and now, lest he put forth his hand, and take also of the tree of life, and eat, and live for ever- And he said: Behold Adam is become as one of us, knowing good and evil: now, therefore, lest perhaps he put forth his hand, and take also of the tree of life, and eat, and live for ever. And Jehovah Elohim said, Behold, Man is become as one of us, to know good and evil. And now, lest he stretch out his hand, and take also of the tree of life, and eat, and live for ever ...! And the LORD God said, Behold, the man is become as one of us, to know good and evil; and now, lest he put forth his hand, and take also of the tree of life, and eat, and live for ever: And the LORD God said, Behold, the man hath become as one of us, to know good and evil. And now, lest he should put forth his hand, and take also of the tree of life, and eat, and live for ever: Yahweh God said, "Behold, the man has become like one of us, knowing good and evil. Now, lest he put forth his hand, and also take of the tree of life, and eat, and live forever..." And Jehovah God saith, 'Lo, the man was as one of Us, as to the knowledge of good and evil; and now, lest he send forth his hand, and have taken also of the tree of life, and eaten, and lived to the age,' &#8212;  And the LORD God said, Behold, the man is become as one of us, to know good and evil: and now, lest he put forth his hand, and take also of the tree of life, and eat, and live for ever: 
Genesis 3:23 Therefore the LORD God sent him forth from the garden of Eden, to till the ground from whence he was taken. Therefore Jehovah God sent him forth from the garden of Eden, to till the ground from whence he was taken. And the Lord God sent him out of the paradise of pleasure, to till the earth from which he was taken. Therefore Jehovah Elohim sent him forth from the garden of Eden, to till the ground from which he was taken. Therefore the LORD God sent him forth from the garden of Eden, to till the ground from whence he was taken. Therefore the LORD God sent him forth from the garden of Eden, to till the ground from which he was taken. Therefore Yahweh God sent him forth from the garden of Eden, to till the ground from which he was taken.Jehovah God sendeth him forth from the garden of Eden to serve the ground from which he hath been taken; Therefore the LORD God sent him forth from the garden of Eden, to till the ground from from where he was taken.
Genesis 3:24 So he drove out the man; and he placed at the east of the garden of Eden Cherubims, and a flaming sword which turned every way, to keep the way of the tree of life. So he drove out the man; and he placed at the east of the garden of Eden the Cherubim, and the flame of a sword which turned every way, to keep the way of the tree of life. And he cast out Adam; and placed before the paradise of pleasure Cherubims, and a flaming sword, turning every way, to keep the way of the tree of life. And he drove out Man; and he set the Cherubim, and the flame of the flashing sword, toward the east of the garden of Eden, to guard the way to the tree of life. So he drove out the man; and he placed at the east of the garden of Eden the Cherubim, and the flame of a sword which turned every way, to keep the way of the tree of life. So he drove out the man: and he placed at the east of the garden of Eden Cherubim, and a flaming sword which turned every way, to keep the way of the tree of life. So he drove out the man; and he placed Cherubs at the east of the garden of Eden, and the flame of a sword which turned every way, to guard the way to the tree of life.yea, he casteth out the man, and causeth to dwell at the east of the garden of Eden the cherubs and the flame of the sword which is turning itself round to guard the way of the tree of life. So he drove out the man; and he placed at the east of the garden of Eden Cherubim, and a flaming sword which turned every way, to keep the way of the tree of life.
Genesis 4:1 And Adam knew Eve his wife; and she conceived, and bare Cain, and said, I have gotten a man from the LORD. And the man knew Eve his wife; and she conceived, and bare Cain, and said, I have gotten a man with the help of Jehovah. And Adam knew Eve his wife: who conceived and brought forth Cain, saying: I have gotten a man through God. And Man knew Eve his wife; and she conceived, and bore Cain, and said, I have acquired a man with Jehovah. And the man knew Eve his wife; and she conceived, and bare Cain, and said, I have gotten a man with the help of the LORD. And Adam knew Eve his wife; and she conceived, and bore Cain, and said, I have gotten a man from the LORD. The man knew Eve his wife. She conceived, and gave birth to Cain, and said, "I have gotten a man with Yahweh's help." And the man knew Eve his wife, and she conceiveth and beareth Cain, and saith, 'I have gotten a man by Jehovah;' And Adam knew Eve his wife; and she conceived, and bore Cain, and said, I have gotten a man from the LORD.
Genesis 4:2 And she again bare his brother Abel. And Abel was a keeper of sheep, but Cain was a tiller of the ground. And again she bare his brother Abel. And Abel was a keeper of sheep, but Cain was a tiller of the ground. And again she brought forth his brother Abel. And Abel was a shepherd, and Cain a husbandman. And she further bore his brother Abel. And Abel was a shepherd, but Cain was a husbandman. And again she bare his brother Abel. And Abel was a keeper of sheep, but Cain was a tiller of the ground. And she again bore his brother Abel. And Abel was a keeper of sheep, but Cain was a tiller of the ground. Again she gave birth, to Cain's brother Abel. Abel was a keeper of sheep, but Cain was a tiller of the ground. And she addeth to bear his brother, even Abel. And Abel is feeding a flock, and Cain hath been servant of the ground. And she again bore his brother Abel. And Abel was a keeper of sheep, but Cain was a tiller of the ground.
Genesis 4:3 And in process of time it came to pass, that Cain brought of the fruit of the ground an offering unto the LORD. And in process of time it came to pass, that Cain brought of the fruit of the ground an offering unto Jehovah. And it came to pass after many days, that Cain offered, of the fruits of the earth, gifts to the Lord. And in process of time it came to pass that Cain brought of the fruit of the ground an offering to Jehovah. And in process of time it came to pass, that Cain brought of the fruit of the ground an offering unto the LORD. And in process of time it came to pass, that Cain brought of the fruit of the ground an offering to the LORD. As time passed, it happened that Cain brought an offering to Yahweh from the fruit of the ground. And it cometh to pass at the end of days that Cain bringeth from the fruit of the ground a present to Jehovah; And in process of time it came to pass, that Cain brought of the fruit of the ground an offering to the LORD.
Genesis 4:4 And Abel, he also brought of the firstlings of his flock and of the fat thereof. And the LORD had respect unto Abel and to his offering: And Abel, he also brought of the firstlings of his flock and of the fat thereof. And Jehovah had respect unto Abel and to his offering: Abel also offered of the firstlings of his flock, and of their fat: and the Lord had respect to Abel, and to his offerings. And Abel, he also brought of the firstlings of his flock, and of their fat. And Jehovah looked upon Abel, and on his offering; And Abel, he also brought of the firstlings of his flock and of the fat thereof. And the LORD had respect unto Abel and to his offering: And Abel, he also brought of the firstlings of his flock, and of the fat thereof. And the LORD had respect to Abel, and to his offering: Abel also brought some of the firstborn of his flock and of its fat. Yahweh respected Abel and his offering, and Abel, he hath brought, he also, from the female firstlings of his flock, even from their fat ones; and Jehovah looketh unto Abel and unto his present, And Abel, he also brought of the firstborn of his flock and of the fat thereof. And the LORD had respect to Abel and to his offering: 
Genesis 4:5 But unto Cain and to his offering he had not respect. And Cain was very wroth, and his countenance fell.but unto Cain and to his offering he had not respect. And Cain was very wroth, and his countenance fell.But to Cain and his offerings he had no respect: and Cain was exceedingly angry, and his countenance fell. and upon Cain, and on his offering, he did not look. And Cain was very angry, and his countenance fell.but unto Cain and to his offering he had not respect. And Cain was very wroth, and his countenance fell.But to Cain and to his offering he had not respect. And Cain was very wroth, and his countenance fell.but he didn't respect Cain and his offering. Cain was very angry, and the expression on his face fell. And unto Cain and unto his present He hath not looked; and it is very displeasing to Cain, and his countenance is fallen.But to Cain and to his offering he had not respect. And Cain was very wroth, and his countenance fell.
Genesis 4:6 And the LORD said unto Cain, Why art thou wroth? and why is thy countenance fallen? And Jehovah said unto Cain, Why art thou wroth? and why is thy countenance fallen? And the Lord said to him: Why art thou angry? and why is thy countenance fallen?  And Jehovah said to Cain, Why art thou angry, and why is thy countenance fallen? And the LORD said unto Cain, Why art thou wroth? and why is thy countenance fallen? And the LORD said to Cain, Why art thou wroth? and why is thy countenance fallen? Yahweh said to Cain, "Why are you angry? Why has the expression of your face fallen? And Jehovah saith unto Cain, 'Why hast thou displeasure? and why hath thy countenance fallen? And the LORD said to Cain, Why are you wroth? and why is your countenance fallen? 
Genesis 4:7 If thou doest well, shalt thou not be accepted? and if thou doest not well, sin lieth at the door. And unto thee shall be his desire, and thou shalt rule over him.If thou doest well, shall it not be lifted up? and if thou doest not well, sin coucheth at the door: and unto thee shall be its desire, but do thou rule over it.If thou do well, shalt thou not receive? but if ill, shall not sin forthwith be present at the door? but the lust thereof shall be under thee, and thou shalt have dominion over it. If thou doest well, will not thy countenance look up with confidence? and if thou doest not well, sin lieth at the door; and unto thee shall be his desire, and thou shalt rule over him.If thou doest well, shalt thou not be accepted? and if thou doest not well, sin coucheth at the door: and unto thee shall be his desire, and thou shalt rule over him.If thou doest well, shalt thou not be accepted? and if thou doest not well, sin lieth at the door. And to thee shall be his desire, and thou shalt rule over him.If you do well, will it not be lifted up? If you don't do well, sin crouches at the door. Its desire is for you, but you are to rule over it." Is there not, if thou dost well, acceptance? and if thou dost not well, at the opening a sin-offering is crouching, and unto thee its desire, and thou rulest over it.' If you do well, shall you not be accepted? and if you do not well, sin lies at the door. And to you shall be his desire, and you shall rule over him.
Genesis 4:8 And Cain talked with Abel his brother: and it came to pass, when they were in the field, that Cain rose up against Abel his brother, and slew him. And Cain told Abel his brother. And it came to pass, when they were in the field, that Cain rose up against Abel his brother, and slew him. And Cain said to Abel his brother: Let us go forth abroad. And when they were in the field, Cain rose up against his brother Abel, and slew him. And Cain spoke to Abel his brother, and it came to pass when they were in the field, that Cain rose up against Abel his brother, and slew him. And Cain told Abel his brother. And it came to pass, when they were in the field, that Cain rose up against Abel his brother, and slew him. And Cain talked with Abel his brother: and it came to pass when they were in the field, that Cain rose up against Abel his brother, and slew him.Cain said to Abel, his brother, "Let's go into the field." It happened when they were in the field, that Cain rose up against Abel, his brother, and killed him. And Cain saith unto Abel his brother, 'Let us go into the field;' and it cometh to pass in their being in the field, that Cain riseth up against Abel his brother, and slayeth him. And Cain talked with Abel his brother: and it came to pass, when they were in the field, that Cain rose up against Abel his brother, and slew him.
Genesis 4:9 And the LORD said unto Cain, Where is Abel thy brother? And he said, I know not: Am I my brother's keeper? And Jehovah said unto Cain, Where is Abel thy brother? And he said, I know not: am I my brother's keeper? And the Lord said to Cain: Where is thy brother Abel? And he answered, I know not: am I my brother's keeper?  And Jehovah said to Cain, Where is Abel thy brother? And he said, I know not: am I my brother's keeper? And the LORD said unto Cain, Where is Abel thy brother? And he said, I know not: am I my brother's keeper? And the LORD said to Cain, Where is Abel thy brother? And he said, I know not: Am I my brother's keeper? Yahweh said to Cain, "Where is Abel, your brother?" He said, "I don't know. Am I my brother's keeper?" And Jehovah saith unto Cain, 'Where is Abel thy brother?' and he saith, 'I have not known; my brother's keeper &#8212; I?' And the LORD said to Cain, Where is Abel your brother? And he said, I know not: Am I my brother's keeper? 
Genesis 4:10 And he said, What hast thou done? the voice of thy brother's blood crieth unto me from the ground. And he said, What hast thou done? the voice of thy brother's blood crieth unto me from the ground. And he said to him: What hast thou done? the voice of thy brother's blood crieth to me from the earth. And he said, What hast thou done? the voice of thy brother's blood is crying to me from the ground. And he said, What hast thou done? the voice of thy brother's blood crieth unto me from the ground. And he said, What hast thou done? the voice of thy brother's blood crieth to me from the ground.Yahweh said, "What have you done? The voice of your brother's blood cries to me from the ground. And He saith, 'What hast thou done? the voice of thy brother's blood is crying unto Me from the ground; And he said, What have you done? the voice of your brother's blood cries to me from the ground.
Genesis 4:11 And now art thou cursed from the earth, which hath opened her mouth to receive thy brother's blood from thy hand; And now cursed art thou from the ground, which hath opened its mouth to receive thy brother's blood from thy hand; Now, therefore, cursed shalt thou be upon the earth, which hath opened her mouth and received the blood of thy brother at thy hand,  And now be thou cursed from the ground, which hath opened its mouth to receive thy brother's blood from thy hand. And now cursed art thou from the ground, which hath opened her mouth to receive thy brother's blood from thy hand; And now art thou cursed from the earth, which hath opened her mouth to receive thy brother's blood from thy hand; Now you are cursed because of the ground, which has opened its mouth to receive your brother's blood from your hand. And now, cursed art thou from the ground, which hath opened her mouth to receive the blood of thy brother from thy hand; And now are you cursed from the earth, which has opened her mouth to receive your brother's blood from your hand; 
Genesis 4:12 When thou tillest the ground, it shall not henceforth yield unto thee her strength; a fugitive and a vagabond shalt thou be in the earth.when thou tillest the ground, it shall not henceforth yield unto thee its strength; a fugitive and a wanderer shalt thou be in the earth.When thou shalt till it, it shall not yield to thee its fruit: a fugitive and vagabond shalt thou be upon the earth. When thou tillest the ground, it shall not henceforth yield thee its strength; a wanderer and fugitive shalt thou be on the earth.when thou tillest the ground, it shall not henceforth yield unto thee her strength; a fugitive and a wanderer shalt thou be in the earth.When thou tillest the ground, it shall not henceforth yield to thee its strength: A fugitive and a vagabond shalt thou be in the earth.From now on, when you till the ground, it won't yield its strength to you. You shall be a fugitive and a wanderer in the earth." when thou tillest the ground, it doth not add to give its strength to thee &#8212; a wanderer, even a trembling one, thou art in the earth.' When you till the ground, it shall not from now on yield to you her strength; a fugitive and a vagabond shall you be in the earth.
Genesis 4:13 And Cain said unto the LORD, My punishment is greater than I can bear. And Cain said unto Jehovah, My punishment is greater than I can bear. And Cain said to the Lord: My iniquity is greater than that I may deserve pardon. And Cain said to Jehovah, My punishment is too great to be borne. And Cain said unto the LORD, My punishment is greater than I can bear. And Cain said to the LORD, My punishment is greater than I can bear.Cain said to Yahweh, "My punishment is greater than I can bear. And Cain saith unto Jehovah, 'Greater is my punishment than to be borne; And Cain said to the LORD, My punishment is greater than I can bear.
Genesis 4:14 Behold, thou hast driven me out this day from the face of the earth; and from thy face shall I be hid; and I shall be a fugitive and a vagabond in the earth; and it shall come to pass, that every one that findeth me shall slay me.Behold, thou hast driven me out this day from the face of the ground; and from thy face shall I be hid; and I shall be a fugitive and a wanderer in the earth; and it will come to pass, that whosoever findeth me will slay me.Behold thou dost cast me out this day from the face of the earth, and I shall be hidden from thy face, and I shall be a vagabond and a fugitive on the earth: everyone, therefore, that findeth me, shall kill me. Behold, thou hast driven me this day from the face of the ground, and from thy face shall I be hid; and I shall be a wanderer and fugitive on the earth; and it will come to pass, that every one who finds me will slay me.Behold, thou hast driven me out this day from the face of the ground; and from thy face shall I be hid; and I shall be a fugitive and a wanderer in the earth; and it shall come to pass, that whosoever findeth me shall slay me.Behold, thou hast driven me this day from the face of the earth; and from thy face shall I be hid; and I shall be a fugitive and a vagabond in the earth; and it will come to pass, that every one that findeth me will slay me.Behold, you have driven me out this day from the surface of the ground. I will be hidden from your face, and I will be a fugitive and a wanderer in the earth. It will happen that whoever finds me will kill me." lo, Thou hast driven me to-day from off the face of the ground, and from Thy face I am hid; and I have been a wanderer, even a trembling one, in the earth, and it hath been &#8212; every one finding me doth slay me.' Behold, you have driven me out this day from the face of the earth; and from your face shall I be hid; and I shall be a fugitive and a vagabond in the earth; and it shall come to pass, that every one that finds me shall slay me.
Genesis 4:15 And the LORD said unto him, Therefore whosoever slayeth Cain, vengeance shall be taken on him sevenfold. And the LORD set a mark upon Cain, lest any finding him should kill him. And Jehovah said unto him, Therefore whosoever slayeth Cain, vengeance shall be taken on him sevenfold. And Jehovah appointed a sign for Cain, lest any finding him should smite him. And the Lord said to him: No, it shall not be so: but whosoever shall kill Cain, shall be punished sevenfold. And the Lord set a mark upon Cain, that whosoever found him should not kill him. And Jehovah said to him, Therefore, whoever slayeth Cain, it shall be revenged sevenfold. And Jehovah set a mark on Cain, lest any finding him should smite him. And the LORD said unto him, Therefore whosoever slayeth Cain, vengeance shall be taken on him sevenfold. And the LORD appointed a sign for Cain, lest any finding him should smite him. And the LORD said to him, Therefore whoever slayeth Cain, vengeance shall be taken on him seven-fold. And the LORD set a mark upon Cain, lest any finding him should kill him.Yahweh said to him, "Therefore whoever slays Cain, vengeance will be taken on him sevenfold." Yahweh appointed a sign for Cain, lest any finding him should strike him. And Jehovah saith to him, 'Therefore &#8212; of any slayer of Cain sevenfold it is required;' and Jehovah setteth to Cain a token that none finding him doth slay him. And the LORD said to him, Therefore whoever slays Cain, vengeance shall be taken on him sevenfold. And the LORD set a mark on Cain, lest any finding him should kill him.
Genesis 4:16 And Cain went out from the presence of the LORD, and dwelt in the land of Nod, on the east of Eden. And Cain went out from the presence of Jehovah, and dwelt in the land of Nod, on the east of Eden. And Cain went out from the face of the Lord, and dwelt as a fugitive on the earth, at the east side of Eden. And Cain went out from the presence of Jehovah, and dwelt in the land of Nod, toward the east of Eden. And Cain went out from the presence of the LORD, and dwelt in the land of Nod, on the east of Eden. And Cain went out from the presence of the LORD, and dwelt in the land of Nod, on the east of Eden.Cain went out from Yahweh's presence, and lived in the land of Nod, east of Eden. And Cain goeth out from before Jehovah, and dwelleth in the land, moving about east of Eden; And Cain went out from the presence of the LORD, and dwelled in the land of Nod, on the east of Eden.
Genesis 4:17 And Cain knew his wife; and she conceived, and bare Enoch: and he builded a city, and called the name of the city, after the name of his son, Enoch. And Cain knew his wife; and she conceived, and bare Enoch: and he builded a city, and called the name of the city, after the name of his son, Enoch. And Cain knew his wife, and she conceived, and brought forth Henoch: and he built a city, and called the name thereof by the name of his son Henoch. And Cain knew his wife, and she conceived and bore Enoch. And he built a city; and he called the name of the city after the name of his son Enoch. And Cain knew his wife; and she conceived, and bare Enoch: and he builded a city, and called the name of the city, after the name of his son, Enoch. And Cain knew his wife, and she conceived, and bore Enoch: and he built a city, and called the name of the city, after the name of his son Enoch.Cain knew his wife. She conceived, and gave birth to Enoch. He built a city, and called the name of the city, after the name of his son, Enoch. And Cain knoweth his wife, and she conceiveth, and beareth Enoch; and he is building a city, and he calleth the name of the city, according to the name of his son &#8212; Enoch. And Cain knew his wife; and she conceived, and bore Enoch: and he built a city, and called the name of the city, after the name of his son, Enoch.
Genesis 4:18 And unto Enoch was born Irad: and Irad begat Mehujael: and Mehujael begat Methusael: and Methusael begat Lamech. And unto Enoch was born Irad: and Irad begat Mehujael: and Mehujael begat Methushael; and Methushael begat Lamech. And Henoch begot Irad, and Irad begot Maviael, and Maviael begot Mathusael, and Mathusael begot Lamech:  And to Enoch was born Irad; and Irad begot Mehujael; and Mehujael begot Methushael; and Methushael begot Lemech. And unto Enoch was born Irad: and Irad begat Mehujael: and Mehujael begat Methushael: and Methushael begat Lamech. And to Enoch was born Irad: and Irad begat Mehujael: and Mehujael begat Methusael: and Methusael begat Lamech. To Enoch was born Irad. Irad became the father of Mehujael. Mehujael became the father of Methushael. Methushael became the father of Lamech. And born to Enoch is Irad; and Irad hath begotten Mehujael; and Mehujael hath begotten Methusael; and Methusael hath begotten Lamech. And to Enoch was born Irad: and Irad begat Mehujael: and Mehujael begat Methusael: and Methusael begat Lamech.
Genesis 4:19 And Lamech took unto him two wives: the name of the one was Adah, and the name of the other Zillah. And Lamech took unto him two wives: the name of the one was Adah, and the name of the other Zillah.Who took two wives: the name of the one was Ada, and the name of the other was Sella. And Lemech took two wives: the name of the one was Adah, and the name of the second, Zillah. And Lamech took unto him two wives: the name of the one was Adah, and the name of the other Zillah. And Lamech took to him two wives: the name of the one was Adah, and the name of the other Zillah.Lamech took two wives: the name of the one was Adah, and the name of the other Zillah. And Lamech taketh to himself two wives, the name of the one Adah, and the name of the second Zillah. And Lamech took to him two wives: the name of the one was Adah, and the name of the other Zillah.
Genesis 4:20 And Adah bare Jabal: he was the father of such as dwell in tents, and of such as have cattle. And Adah bare Jabal: he was the father of such as dwell in tents and have cattle. And Ada brought forth Jabel: who was the father of such as dwell in tents, and of herdsmen. And Adah bore Jabal: he was the father of those who dwell in tents, and breed cattle. And Adah bare Jabal: he was the father of such as dwell in tents and have cattle. And Adah bore Jabal: he was the father of such as dwell in tents, and of such as have cattle. Adah gave birth to Jabal, who was the father of those who dwell in tents and have livestock. And Adah beareth Jabal, he hath been father of those inhabiting tents and purchased possessions; And Adah bore Jabal: he was the father of such as dwell in tents, and of such as have cattle.
Genesis 4:21 And his brother's name was Jubal: he was the father of all such as handle the harp and organ. And his brother's name was Jubal: he was the father of all such as handle the harp and pipe. And his brother's name was Jubal; he was the father of them that play upon the harp and the organs. And his brother's name was Jubal: he was the father of those who handle the harp and pipe. And his brother's name was Jubal: he was the father of all such as handle the harp and pipe. And his brother's name was Jubal: he was the father of all such as handle the harp and organ.His brother's name was Jubal, who was the father of all who handle the harp and pipe. And the name of his brother is Jubal, he hath been father of every one handling harp and organ. And his brother's name was Jubal: he was the father of all such as handle the harp and organ.
Genesis 4:22 And Zillah, she also bare Tubalcain, an instructer of every artificer in brass and iron: and the sister of Tubalcain was Naamah. And Zillah, she also bare Tubal-cain, the forger of every cutting instrument of brass and iron: and the sister of Tubal-cain was Naamah. Sella also brought forth Tubalcain, who was a hammerer and artificer in every work of brass and iron. And the sister of Tubalcain was Noema. And Zillah, she also bore Tubal-Cain, the forger of every kind of tool of brass and iron. And the sister of Tubal-Cain was Naamah. And Zillah, she also bare Tubal-cain, the forger of every cutting instrument of brass and iron: and the sister of Tubal-cain was Naamah. And Zillah, she also bore Tubalcain, an instructor of every artificer in brass and iron: and the sister of Tubalcain was Naamah.Zillah also gave birth to Tubal Cain, the forger of every cutting instrument of brass and iron. Tubal Cain's sister was Naamah. And Zillah she also bare Tubal-Cain, an instructor of every artificer in brass and iron; and a sister of Tubal-Cain is Naamah. And Zillah, she also bore Tubalcain, an instructor of every artificer in brass and iron: and the sister of Tubalcain was Naamah.
Genesis 4:23 And Lamech said unto his wives, Adah and Zillah, Hear my voice; ye wives of Lamech, hearken unto my speech: for I have slain a man to my wounding, and a young man to my hurt. And Lamech said unto his wives: Adah and Zillah, hear my voice; Ye wives of Lamech, hearken unto my speech: For I have slain a man for wounding me, And a young man for bruising me: And Lamech said to his wives Ada and Sell: Hear my voice, ye wives of Lamech, hearken to my speech: for I have slain a man to the wounding of myself, and a stripling to my own bruising. And Lemech said to his wives: Adah and Zillah, hear my voice, Ye wives of Lemech, listen to my speech. For I have slain a man for my wound, and a youth for my bruise. And Lamech said unto his wives: Adah and Zillah, hear my voice; Ye wives of Lamech, hearken unto my speech: For I have slain a man for wounding me, And a young man for bruising me: And Lamech said to his wives, Adah and Zillah, Hear my voice, ye wives of Lamech, hearken to my speech: for I have slain a man to my wounding, and a young man to my hurt.Lamech said to his wives, "Adah and Zillah, hear my voice. You wives of Lamech, listen to my speech, for I have slain a man for wounding me, a young man for bruising me. And Lamech saith to his wives: &#8212; 'Adah and Zillah, hear my voice; Wives of Lamech, give ear to my saying: For a man I have slain for my wound, Even a young man for my hurt; And Lamech said to his wives, Adah and Zillah, Hear my voice; you wives of Lamech, listen to my speech: for I have slain a man to my wounding, and a young man to my hurt.
Genesis 4:24 If Cain shall be avenged sevenfold, truly Lamech seventy and sevenfold.If Cain shall be avenged sevenfold, Truly Lamech seventy and sevenfold. Sevenfold vengeance shall be taken for Cain: but for Lamech seventy times sevenfold. If Cain shall be avenged seven-fold; Lemech seventy and seven fold.If Cain shall be avenged sevenfold, Truly Lamech seventy and sevenfold.If Cain shall be avenged seven-fold, truly Lamech seventy and seven-fold.If Cain will be avenged seven times, truly Lamech seventy-seven times." For sevenfold is required for Cain, And for Lamech seventy and sevenfold.' If Cain shall be avenged sevenfold, truly Lamech seventy and sevenfold.
Genesis 4:25 And Adam knew his wife again; and she bare a son, and called his name Seth: For God, said she, hath appointed me another seed instead of Abel, whom Cain slew. And Adam knew his wife again; and she bare a son, and called his name Seth. For,'said she , God hath appointed me another seed instead of Abel; for Cain slew him. Adam also knew his wife again: and she brought forth a son, and called his name Seth, saying: God hath given me another seed, for Abel whom Cain slew. And Adam knew his wife again, and she bore a son, and called his name Seth: ... For God has appointed me another seed instead of Abel, because Cain has slain him. And Adam knew his wife again; and she bare a son, and called his name Seth: For, said she, God hath appointed me another seed instead of Abel; for Cain slew him. And Adam knew his wife again, and she bore a son, and called his name Seth: For God, said she, hath appointed me another seed instead of Abel, whom Cain slew. Adam knew his wife again. She gave birth to a son, and named him Seth, "for God has appointed me another child instead of Abel, for Cain killed him." And Adam again knoweth his wife, and she beareth a son, and calleth his name Seth, 'for God hath appointed for me another seed instead of Abel:' for Cain had slain him. And Adam knew his wife again; and she bore a son, and called his name Seth: For God, said she, has appointed me another seed instead of Abel, whom Cain slew.
Genesis 4:26 And to Seth, to him also there was born a son; and he called his name Enos: then began men to call upon the name of the LORD. And to Seth, to him also there was born a son; and he called his name Enosh. Then began men to call upon the name of Jehovah.But to Seth also was born a son, whom he called Enos; this man began to call upon the name of the Lord. And to Seth, to him also was born a son; and he called his name Enosh. Then people began to call on the name of Jehovah. And to Seth, to him also there was born a son; and he called his name Enosh: then began men to call upon the name of the LORD. And to Seth, to him also there was born a son; and he called his name Enos: then began men to call upon the name of the LORD. There was also born a son to Seth, and he named him Enosh. Then men began to call on Yahweh's name. And to Seth, to him also a son hath been born, and he calleth his name Enos; then a beginning was made of preaching in the name of Jehovah. And to Seth, to him also there was born a son; and he called his name Enos: then began men to call on the name of the LORD.
Genesis 5:1 This is the book of the generations of Adam. In the day that God created man, in the likeness of God made he him; This is the book of the generations of Adam. In the day that God created man, in the likeness of God made he him; This is the book of the generation of Adam. In the day that God created man, he made him to the likeness of God. This is the book of Adam's generations. In the day that God created man, in the likeness of God made he him. This is the book of the generations of Adam. In the day that God created man, in the likeness of God made he him; This is the book of the generations of Adam: In the day that God created man, in the likeness of God made he him: This is the book of the generations of Adam. In the day that God created man, he made him in God's likeness. This is an account of the births of Adam: In the day of God's preparing man, in the likeness of God He hath made him; This is the book of the generations of Adam. In the day that God created man, in the likeness of God made he him; 
Genesis 5:2 Male and female created he them; and blessed them, and called their name Adam, in the day when they were created.male and female created he them, and blessed them, and called their name Adam, in the day when they were created.He created them male and female; and blessed them: and called their name Adam, in the day when they were created. Male and female created he them; and blessed them, and called their name Adam, in the day when they were created.male and female created he them; and blessed them, and called their name Adam, in the day when they were created.Male and female created he them; and blessed them, and called their name Adam, in the day when they were created.He created them male and female, and blessed them, and called their name "Adam," in the day when they were created. A male and a female He hath prepared them, and He blesseth them, and calleth their name Man, in the day of their being prepared.Male and female created he them; and blessed them, and called their name Adam, in the day when they were created.
Genesis 5:3 And Adam lived an hundred and thirty years, and begat a son in his own likeness, after his image; and called his name Seth: And Adam lived a hundred and thirty years, and begat a son in his own likeness, after his image; and called his name Seth: And Adam lived a hundred and thirty years, and begot a son to his own image and likeness, and called his name Seth. And Adam lived a hundred and thirty years, and begot a son in his likeness, after his image, and called his name Seth. And Adam lived an hundred and thirty years, and begat a son in his own likeness, after his image; and called his name Seth: And Adam lived a hundred and thirty years, and begat a son in his own likeness, after his image; and called his name Seth: Adam lived one hundred thirty years, and became the father of a son in his own likeness, after his image, and named him Seth. And Adam liveth an hundred and thirty years, and begetteth a son in his likeness, according to his image, and calleth his name Seth. And Adam lived an hundred and thirty years, and begat a son in his own likeness, and after his image; and called his name Seth: 
Genesis 5:4 And the days of Adam after he had begotten Seth were eight hundred years: and he begat sons and daughters: and the days of Adam after he begat Seth were eight hundred years: and he begat sons and daughters. And the days of Adam, after he begot Seth, were eight hundred years: and he begot sons and daughters. And the days of Adam after he had begotten Seth were eight hundred years; and he begot sons and daughters. And the days of Adam after he begat Seth were eight hundred years: and he begat sons and daughters. And the days of Adam after he had begotten Seth were eight hundred years: and he begat sons and daughters: The days of Adam after he became the father of Seth were eight hundred years, and he became the father of sons and daughters. And the days of Adam after his begetting Seth are eight hundred years, and he begetteth sons and daughters. And the days of Adam after he had begotten Seth were eight hundred years: and he begat sons and daughters: 
Genesis 5:5 And all the days that Adam lived were nine hundred and thirty years: and he died. And all the days that Adam lived were nine hundred and thirty years: and he died. And all the time that Adam lived came to nine hundred and thirty years, and he died. And all the days of Adam that he lived were nine hundred and thirty years; and he died. And all the days that Adam lived were nine hundred and thirty years: and he died. And all the days that Adam lived were nine hundred and thirty years: and he died. All the days that Adam lived were nine hundred thirty years, then he died. And all the days of Adam which he lived are nine hundred and thirty years, and he dieth. And all the days that Adam lived were nine hundred and thirty years: and he died.
Genesis 5:6 And Seth lived an hundred and five years, and begat Enos: And Seth lived a hundred and five years, and begat Enosh: Seth also lived a hundred and five years, and begot Enos. And Seth lived a hundred and five years, and begot Enosh. And Seth lived an hundred and five years, and begat Enosh: And Seth lived a hundred and five years, and begat Enos: Seth lived one hundred five years, and became the father of Enosh. And Seth liveth an hundred and five years, and begetteth Enos. And Seth lived an hundred and five years, and begat Enos: 
Genesis 5:7 And Seth lived after he begat Enos eight hundred and seven years, and begat sons and daughters: and Seth lived after he begat Enosh eight hundred and seven years, and begat sons and daughters: And Seth lived after he begot Enos, eight hundred and seven years, and begot sons and daughters. And Seth lived after he had begotten Enosh eight hundred and seven years, and begot sons and daughters. And Seth lived after he begat Enosh eight hundred and seven years, and begat sons and daughters: And Seth lived after he begat Enos eight hundred and seven years, and begat sons and daughters: Seth lived after he became the father of Enosh eight hundred seven years, and became the father of sons and daughters. And Seth liveth after his begetting Enos eight hundred and seven years, and begetteth sons and daughters. And Seth lived after he begat Enos eight hundred and seven years, and begat sons and daughters: 
Genesis 5:8 And all the days of Seth were nine hundred and twelve years: and he died. And all the days of Seth were nine hundred and twelve years: and he died. And all the days of Seth were nine hundred and twelve years, and he died. And all the days of Seth were nine hundred and twelve years; and he died. And all the days of Seth were nine hundred and twelve years: and he died. And all the days of Seth were nine hundred and twelve years; and he died. All the days of Seth were nine hundred twelve years, then he died. And all the days of Seth are nine hundred and twelve years, and he dieth. And all the days of Seth were nine hundred and twelve years: and he died.
Genesis 5:9 And Enos lived ninety years, and begat Cainan: And Enosh lived ninety years, and begat Kenan. And Enos lived ninety years, and begot Cainan. And Enosh lived ninety years, and begot Cainan. And Enosh lived ninety years, and begat Kenan: And Enos lived ninety years, and begat Cainan.Enosh lived ninety years, and became the father of Kenan. And Enos liveth ninety years, and begetteth Cainan. And Enos lived ninety years, and begat Cainan: 
Genesis 5:10 And Enos lived after he begat Cainan eight hundred and fifteen years, and begat sons and daughters: and Enosh lived after he begat Kenan eight hundred and fifteen years, and begat sons and daughters: After whose birth he lived eight hundred and fifteen years, and begot sons and daughters. And Enosh lived after he had begotten Cainan eight hundred and fifteen years, and begot sons and daughters. And Enosh lived after he begat Kenan eight hundred and fifteen years, and begat sons and daughters: And Enos lived after he begat Cainan eight hundred and fifteen years, and begat sons and daughters: Enosh lived after he became the father of Kenan, eight hundred fifteen years, and became the father of sons and daughters. And Enos liveth after his begetting Cainan eight hundred and fifteen years, and begetteth sons and daughters. And Enos lived after he begat Cainan eight hundred and fifteen years, and begat sons and daughters: 
Genesis 5:11 And all the days of Enos were nine hundred and five years: and he died. And all the days of Enosh were nine hundred and five years: and he died. And the days of Enos were nine hundred and five years, and he died. And all the days of Enosh were nine hundred and five years; and he died. And all the days of Enosh were nine hundred and five years: and he died. And all the days of Enos were nine hundred and five years; and he died. All the days of Enosh were nine hundred five years, then he died. And all the days of Enos are nine hundred and five years, and he dieth. And all the days of Enos were nine hundred and five years: and he died.
Genesis 5:12 And Cainan lived seventy years, and begat Mahalaleel: And Kenan lived seventy years, and begat Mahalalel: And Cainan lived seventy years, and begot Malaleel. And Cainan lived seventy years, and begot Mahalaleel. And Kenan lived seventy years, and begat Mahalalel: And Cainan lived seventy years, and begat Mahalaleel: Kenan lived seventy years, and became the father of Mahalalel. And Cainan liveth seventy years, and begetteth Mahalaleel. And Cainan lived seventy years and begat Mahalaleel: 
Genesis 5:13 And Cainan lived after he begat Mahalaleel eight hundred and forty years, and begat sons and daughters: and Kenan lived after he begat Mahalalel eight hundred and forty years, and begat sons and daughters: And Cainan lived after he begot Malaleel, eight hundred forty years, and begot sons and daughters. And Cainan lived after he had begotten Mahalaleel eight hundred and forty years, and begot sons and daughters. And Kenan lived after he begat Mahalalel eight hundred and forty years, and begat sons and daughters: And Cainan lived after he begat Mahalaleel eight hundred and forty years, and begat sons and daughters: Kenan lived after he became the father of Mahalalel eight hundred forty years, and became the father of sons and daughters And Cainan liveth after his begetting Mahalaleel eight hundred and forty years, and begetteth sons and daughters. And Cainan lived after he begat Mahalaleel eight hundred and forty years, and begat sons and daughters: 
Genesis 5:14 And all the days of Cainan were nine hundred and ten years: and he died. And all the days of Kenan were nine hundred and ten years: and he died. And all the days of Cainan were nine hundred and ten years, and he died. And all the days of Cainan were nine hundred and ten years; and he died. And all the days of Kenan were nine hundred and ten years: and he died. And all the days of Cainan were nine hundred and ten years; and he died. And all the days of Kenan were nine hundred ten years, then he died. And all the days of Cainan are nine hundred and ten years, and he dieth. And all the days of Cainan were nine hundred and ten years: and he died.
Genesis 5:15 And Mahalaleel lived sixty and five years, and begat Jared: And Mahalalel lived sixty and five years, and begat Jared: And Malaleel lived sixty-five years, and begot Jared. And Mahalaleel lived sixty-five years, and begot Jared. And Mahalalel lived sixty and five years, and begat Jared: And Mahalaleel lived sixty and five years, and begat Jared: Mahalalel lived sixty-five years, and became the father of Jared. And Mahalaleel liveth five and sixty years, and begetteth Jared. And Mahalaleel lived sixty and five years, and begat Jared: 
Genesis 5:16 And Mahalaleel lived after he begat Jared eight hundred and thirty years, and begat sons and daughters: And Mahalalel lived after he begat Jared eight hundred and thirty years, and begat sons and daughters: And Malaleel lived after he begot Jared, eight hundred and thirty years, and begot sons and daughters. And Mahalaleel lived after he had begotten Jared eight hundred and thirty years, and begot sons and daughters. And Mahalalel lived after he begat Jared eight hundred and thirty years, and begat sons and daughters: And Mahalaleel lived after he begat Jared eight hundred and thirty years, and begat sons and daughters: Mahalalel lived after he became the father of Jared eight hundred thirty years, and became the father of sons and daughters. And Mahalaleel liveth after his begetting Jared eight hundred and thirty years, and begetteth sons and daughters. And Mahalaleel lived after he begat Jared eight hundred and thirty years, and begat sons and daughters: 
Genesis 5:17 And all the days of Mahalaleel were eight hundred ninety and five years: and he died. And all the days of Mahalalel were eight hundred ninety and five years: and he died. And all the days of Malaleel were eight hundred and ninety-five years, and he died. And all the days of Mahalaleel were eight hundred and ninety-five years; and he died. And all the days of Mahalalel were eight hundred ninety and five years: and he died. And all the days of Mahalaleel were eight hundred ninety and five years; and he died. All the days of Mahalalel were eight hundred ninety-five years, then he died. And all the days of Mahalaleel are eight hundred and ninety and five years, and he dieth. And all the days of Mahalaleel were eight hundred ninety and five years: and he died.
Genesis 5:18 And Jared lived an hundred sixty and two years, and he begat Enoch: And Jared lived a hundred sixty and two years, and begat Enoch: And Jared lived a hundred and sixty-two years, and begot Henoch. And Jared lived a hundred and sixty-two years, and begot Enoch. And Jared lived an hundred sixty and two years, and begat Enoch: And Jared lived a hundred sixty and two years, and he begat Enoch: Jared lived one hundred sixty-two years, and became the father of Enoch. And Jared liveth an hundred and sixty and two years, and begetteth Enoch. And Jared lived an hundred sixty and two years, and he begat Enoch: 
Genesis 5:19 And Jared lived after he begat Enoch eight hundred years, and begat sons and daughters: and Jared lived after he begat Enoch eight hundred years, and begat sons and daughters: And Jared lived after he begot Henoch, eight hundred years, and begot sons and daughters. And Jared lived after he had begotten Enoch eight hundred years, and begot sons and daughters. And Jared lived after he begat Enoch eight hundred years, and begat sons and daughters: And Jared lived after he begat Enoch eight hundred years, and begat sons and daughters: Jared lived after he became the father of Enoch eight hundred years, and became the father of sons and daughters. And Jared liveth after his begetting Enoch eight hundred years, and begetteth sons and daughters. And Jared lived after he begat Enoch eight hundred years, and begat sons and daughters: 
Genesis 5:20 And all the days of Jared were nine hundred sixty and two years: and he died. And all the days of Jared were nine hundred sixty and two years: and he died. And all the days of Jared were nine hundred and sixty-two years, and he died. And all the days of Jared were nine hundred and sixty-two years; and he died. And all the days of Jared were nine hundred sixty and two years: and he died. And all the days of Jared were nine hundred sixty and two years; and he died. All the days of Jared were nine hundred sixty-two years, then he died. And all the days of Jared are nine hundred and sixty and two years, and he dieth. And all the days of Jared were nine hundred sixty and two years: and he died.
Genesis 5:21 And Enoch lived sixty and five years, and begat Methuselah: And Enoch lived sixty and five years, and begat Methuselah: And Henoch lived sixty-five years, and begot Mathusala. And Enoch lived sixty-five years, and begot Methushelah. And Enoch lived sixty and five years, and begat Methuselah: And Enoch lived sixty and five years, and begat Methuselah: Enoch lived sixty-five years, and became the father of Methuselah. And Enoch liveth five and sixty years, and begetteth Methuselah. And Enoch lived sixty and five years, and begat Methuselah: 
Genesis 5:22 And Enoch walked with God after he begat Methuselah three hundred years, and begat sons and daughters: and Enoch walked with God after he begat Methuselah three hundred years, and begat sons and daughters: And Henoch walked with God: and lived after he begot Mathusala, three hundred years, and begot sons and daughters. And Enoch walked with God after he had begotten Methushelah three hundred years, and begot sons and daughters. And Enoch walked with God after he begat Methuselah three hundred years, and begat sons and daughters: And Enoch walked with God after he begat Methuselah three hundred years, and begat sons and daughters: Enoch walked with God after he became the father of Methuselah three hundred years, and became the father of sons and daughters. And Enoch walketh habitually with God after his begetting Methuselah three hundred years, and begetteth sons and daughters. And Enoch walked with God after he begat Methuselah three hundred years, and begat sons and daughters: 
Genesis 5:23 And all the days of Enoch were three hundred sixty and five years: and all the days of Enoch were three hundred sixty and five years: And all the days of Henoch were three hundred and sixty-five years. And all the days of Enoch were three hundred and sixty-five years. And all the days of Enoch were three hundred sixty and five years: And all the days of Enoch were three hundred sixty and five years: All the days of Enoch were three hundred sixty-five years. And all the days of Enoch are three hundred and sixty and five years. And all the days of Enoch were three hundred sixty and five years: 
Genesis 5:24 And Enoch walked with God: and he was not; for God took him. And Enoch walked with God: and he was not; for God took him. And he walked with God, and was seen no more: because God took him. And Enoch walked with God; and he was not, for God took him. And Enoch walked with God: and he was not; for God took him. And Enoch walked with God, and he was not: for God took him.Enoch walked with God, and he was not, for God took him. And Enoch walketh habitually with God, and he is not, for God hath taken him. And Enoch walked with God: and he was not; for God took him.
Genesis 5:25 And Methuselah lived an hundred eighty and seven years, and begat Lamech: And Methuselah lived a hundred eighty and seven years, and begat Lamech: And Mathusala lived a hundred and eighty-seven years, and begot Lamech. And Methushelah lived a hundred and eighty-seven years, and begot Lemech. And Methuselah lived an hundred eighty and seven years, and begat Lamech: And Methuselah lived a hundred eighty and seven years, and begat Lamech: Methuselah lived one hundred eighty-seven years, and became the father of Lamech. And Methuselah liveth an hundred and eighty and seven years, and begetteth Lamech. And Methuselah lived an hundred eighty and seven years, and begat Lamech.
Genesis 5:26 And Methuselah lived after he begat Lamech seven hundred eighty and two years, and begat sons and daughters: and Methuselah lived after he begat Lamech seven hundred eighty and two years, and begat sons and daughters. And Mathusala lived after he begot Lamech, seven hundred and eighty-two years, and begot sons and daughters. And Methushelah lived after he had begotten Lemech seven hundred and eighty-two years, and begot sons and daughters. And Methuselah lived after he begat Lamech seven hundred eighty and two years, and begat sons and daughters: And Methuselah lived after he begat Lamech seven hundred eighty and two years, and begat sons and daughters: Methuselah lived after he became the father of Lamech seven hundred eighty-two years, and became the father of sons and daughters. And Methuselah liveth after his begetting Lamech seven hundred and eighty and two years, and begetteth sons and daughters. And Methuselah lived after he begat Lamech seven hundred eighty and two years, and begat sons and daughters: 
Genesis 5:27 And all the days of Methuselah were nine hundred sixty and nine years: and he died. And all the days of Methuselah were nine hundred sixty and nine years: and he died. And all the days of Mathusala were nine hundred and sixty-nine years, and he died. And all the days of Methushelah were nine hundred and sixty-nine years; and he died. And all the days of Methuselah were nine hundred sixty and nine years: and he died. And all the days of Methuselah were nine hundred sixty and nine years; and he died. All the days of Methuselah were nine hundred sixty-nine years, then he died. And all the days of Methuselah are nine hundred and sixty and nine years, and he dieth. And all the days of Methuselah were nine hundred sixty and nine years: and he died.
Genesis 5:28 And Lamech lived an hundred eighty and two years, and begat a son: And Lamech lived a hundred eighty and two years, and begat a son: And Lamech lived a hundred and eighty-two years, and begot a son. And Lemech lived a hundred and eighty-two years, and begot a son. And Lamech lived an hundred eighty and two years, and begat a son: And Lamech lived a hundred eighty and two years; and begat a son: Lamech lived one hundred eighty-two years, and became the father of a son, And Lamech liveth an hundred and eighty and two years, and begetteth a son, And Lamech lived an hundred eighty and two years, and begat a son: 
Genesis 5:29 And he called his name Noah, saying, This same shall comfort us concerning our work and toil of our hands, because of the ground which the LORD hath cursed. And he called his name Noah, saying, This same shall comfort us in our work and in the toil of our hands, which cometh because of the ground which Jehovah hath cursed. And he called his name Noe, saying: This same shall comfort us from the works and labours of our hands on the earth which the Lord hath cursed. And he called his name Noah, saying, This one shall comfort us concerning our work and concerning the toil of our hands, because of the ground which Jehovah has cursed. And he called his name Noah, saying, This same shall comfort us for our work and for the toil of our hands, because of the ground which the LORD hath cursed. And he called his name Noah, saying, This same shall comfort us concerning our work and toil of our hands, because of the ground which the LORD hath cursed. And he named him Noah, saying, "This same will comfort us in our work and in the toil of our hands, because of the ground which Yahweh has cursed." and calleth his name Noah, saying, 'This one doth comfort us concerning our work, and concerning the labour of our hands, because of the ground which Jehovah hath cursed.' And he called his name Noah, saying, This same shall comfort us concerning our work and toil of our hands, because of the ground which the LORD has cursed.
Genesis 5:30 And Lamech lived after he begat Noah five hundred ninety and five years, and begat sons and daughters: And Lamech lived after he begat Noah five hundred ninety and five years, and begat sons and daughters: And Lamech lived after he begot Noe, five hundred and ninety-five years, and he begot sons and daughters. And Lemech lived after he had begotten Noah five hundred and ninety-five years, and begot sons and daughters. And Lamech lived after he begat Noah five hundred ninety and five years, and begat sons and daughters: And Lamech lived after he begat Noah five hundred ninety and five years, and begat sons and daughters: Lamech lived after he became the father of Noah five hundred ninety-five years, and became the father of sons and daughters. And Lamech liveth after his begetting Noah five hundred and ninety and five years, and begetteth sons and daughters. And Lamech lived after he begat Noah five hundred ninety and five years, and begat sons and daughters: 
Genesis 5:31 And all the days of Lamech were seven hundred seventy and seven years: and he died. And all the days of Lamech were seven hundred seventy and seven years: and he died. And all the days of Lamech came to seven hundred and seventy-seven years, and he died. And all the days of Lemech were seven hundred and seventy-seven years; and he died. And all the days of Lamech were seven hundred seventy and seven years: and he died. And all the days of Lamech were seven hundred seventy and seven years; and he died. All the days of Lamech were seven hundred seventy-seven years, then he died. And all the days of Lamech are seven hundred and seventy and seven years, and he dieth. And all the days of Lamech were seven hundred seventy and seven years: and he died.
Genesis 5:32 And Noah was five hundred years old: and Noah begat Shem, Ham, and Japheth. And Noah was five hundred years old: And Noah begat Shem, Ham, and Japheth. And Noe, when he was five hundred years old, begot Sem, Cham, and Japheth. And Noah was five hundred years old, and Noah begot Shem, Ham, and Japheth. And Noah was five hundred years old: and Noah begat Shem, Ham, and Japheth. And Noah was five hundred years old: and Noah begat Shem, Ham, and Japheth.Noah was five hundred years old, and Noah became the father of Shem, Ham, and Japheth. And Noah is a son of five hundred years, and Noah begetteth Shem, Ham, and Japheth. And Noah was five hundred years old: and Noah begat Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
Genesis 6:1 And it came to pass, when men began to multiply on the face of the earth, and daughters were born unto them, And it came to pass, when men began to multiply on the face of the ground, and daughters were born unto them, And after that men began to be multiplied upon the earth, and daughters were born to them. And it came to pass when mankind began to multiply on the earth, and daughters were born to them, And it came to pass, when men began to multiply on the face of the ground, and daughters were born unto them, And it came to pass, when men began to multiply on the face of the earth, and daughters were born to them, It happened, when men began to multiply on the surface of the ground, and daughters were born to them, And it cometh to pass that mankind have begun to multiply on the face of the ground, and daughters have been born to them, And it came to pass, when men began to multiply on the face of the earth, and daughters were born to them, 
Genesis 6:2 That the sons of God saw the daughters of men that they were fair; and they took them wives of all which they chose. That the sons of God saw the daughters of men that they were fair; and they took them wives of all that they chose. The sons of God seeing the daughters of men, that they were fair, took themselves wives of all which they chose. that the sons of God saw the daughters of men that they were fair, and took themselves wives of all that they chose. That the sons of God saw the daughters of men that they were fair; and they took them wives of all that they chose. That the sons of God saw the daughters of men that they were fair; and they took them wives of all whom they chose. That God's sons saw that men's daughters were beautiful, and they took for themselves wives of all that they chose. And sons of God see the daughters of men that they are fair, and they take to themselves women of all whom they have chosen. That the sons of God saw the daughters of men that they were fair; and they took them wives of all which they chose.
Genesis 6:3 And the LORD said, My spirit shall not always strive with man, for that he also is flesh: yet his days shall be an hundred and twenty years. And Jehovah said, My spirit shall not strive with man for ever, for that he also is flesh: yet shall his days be a hundred and twenty years. And God said: My spirit shall not remain in man for ever, because he is flesh, and his days shall be a hundred and twenty years. And Jehovah said, My Spirit shall not always plead with Man; for he indeed is flesh; but his days shall be a hundred and twenty years. And the LORD said, My spirit shall not strive with man for ever, for that he also is flesh: yet shall his days be an hundred and twenty years. And the LORD said, My spirit shall not always strive with man, for that he also is flesh: yet his days shall be a hundred and twenty years.Yahweh said, "My Spirit will not strive with man forever, because he also is flesh; yet will his days be one hundred twenty years." And Jehovah saith, 'My Spirit doth not strive in man &#8212; to the age; in their erring they are flesh:' and his days have been an hundred and twenty years. And the LORD said, My spirit shall not always strive with man, for that he also is flesh: yet his days shall be an hundred and twenty years.
Genesis 6:4 There were giants in the earth in those days; and also after that, when the sons of God came in unto the daughters of men, and they bare children to them, the same became mighty men which were of old, men of renown. The Nephilim were in the earth in those days, and also after that, when the sons of God came unto the daughters of men, and they bare children to them: the same were the mighty men that were of old, the men of renown.Now giants were upon the earth in those days. For after the sons of God went in to the daughters of men and they brought forth children, these are the mighty men of old, men of renown. In those days were the giants on the earth, and also afterwards, when the sons of God had come in to the daughters of men, and they had borne children to them; these were the heroes, who of old were men of renown. The Nephilim were in the earth in those days, and also after that, when the sons of God came in unto the daughters of men, and they bare children to them: the same were the mighty men which were of old, the men of renown. There were giants in the earth in those days; and also after that, when the sons of God came in to the daughters of men, and they bore children to them: the same became mighty men, who were of old, men of renown. The Nephilim were in the earth in those days, and also after that, when God's sons came in to men's daughters. They bore children to them. Those were the mighty men who were of old, men of renown. The fallen ones were in the earth in those days, and even afterwards when sons of God come in unto daughters of men, and they have borne to them &#8212; they are the heroes, who, from of old, are the men of name. There were giants in the earth in those days; and also after that, when the sons of God came in to the daughters of men, and they bore children to them, the same became mighty men which were of old, men of renown.
Genesis 6:5 And GOD saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth, and that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually. And Jehovah saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth, and that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually. And God seeing that the wickedness of men was great on the earth, and that all the thought of their heart was bent upon evil at all times,  And Jehovah saw that the wickedness of Man was great on the earth, and every imagination of the thoughts of his heart only evil continually. And the LORD saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth, and that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually. And GOD saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth, and that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually.Yahweh saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth, and that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually. And Jehovah seeth that abundant is the wickedness of man in the earth, and every imagination of the thoughts of his heart only evil all the day; And God saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth, and that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually.
Genesis 6:6 And it repented the LORD that he had made man on the earth, and it grieved him at his heart. And it repented Jehovah that he had made man on the earth, and it grieved him at his heart.It repented him that he had made man on the earth. And being touched inwardly with sorrow of heart,  And Jehovah repented that he had made Man on the earth, and it grieved him in his heart. And it repented the LORD that he had made man on the earth, and it grieved him at his heart. And the LORD repented that he had made man on the earth, and it grieved him at his heart.Yahweh was sorry that he had made man on the earth, and it grieved him in his heart. And Jehovah repenteth that He hath made man in the earth, and He grieveth Himself &#8212; unto His heart. And it repented the LORD that he had made man on the earth, and it grieved him at his heart.
Genesis 6:7 And the LORD said, I will destroy man whom I have created from the face of the earth; both man, and beast, and the creeping thing, and the fowls of the air; for it repenteth me that I have made them. And Jehovah said, I will destroy man whom I have created from the face of the ground; both man, and beast, and creeping things, and birds of the heavens; for it repenteth me that I have made them.He said: I will destroy man, whom I have created, from the face of the earth, from man even to beasts, from the creeping thing even to the fowls of the air, for it repenteth me that I have made them. And Jehovah said, I will destroy Man, whom I have created, from the earth from man to cattle, to creeping things, and to fowl of the heavens; for I repent that I have made them. And the LORD said, I will destroy man whom I have created from the face of the ground; both man, and beast, and creeping thing, and fowl of the air; for it repeateth me that I have made them. And the LORD said, I will destroy man whom I have created, from the face of the earth, both man and beast, and the creeping animal, and the fowls of the air; for I repent that I have made them.Yahweh said, "I will destroy man whom I have created from the surface of the ground; man, along with animals, creeping things, and birds of the sky; for I am sorry that I have made them." And Jehovah saith, 'I wipe away man whom I have prepared from off the face of the ground, from man unto beast, unto creeping thing, and unto fowl of the heavens, for I have repented that I have made them.' And the LORD said, I will destroy man whom I have created from the face of the earth; both man, and beast, and the creeping thing, and the fowls of the air; for it repents me that I have made them.
Genesis 6:8 But Noah found grace in the eyes of the LORD.But Noah found favor in the eyes of Jehovah.But Noe found grace before the Lord. But Noah found favour in the eyes of Jehovah.But Noah found grace in the eyes of the LORD.But Noah found grace in the eyes of the LORD.But Noah found favor in Yahweh's eyes. And Noah found grace in the eyes of Jehovah.But Noah found grace in the eyes of the LORD.
Genesis 6:9 These are the generations of Noah: Noah was a just man and perfect in his generations, and Noah walked with God. These are the generations of Noah. Noah was a righteous man, and perfect in his generations: Noah walked with God. These are the generations of Noe: Noe was a just and perfect man in his generations, he walked with God. This is the history of Noah. Noah was a just man, perfect amongst his generations: Noah walked with God. These are the generations of Noah. Noah was a righteous man, and perfect in his generations: Noah walked with God. These are the generations of Noah: Noah was a just man, and perfect in his generations, and Noah walked with God. This is the history of the generations of Noah. Noah was a righteous man, blameless among the people of his time. Noah walked with God. These are births of Noah: Noah is a righteous man; perfect he hath been among his generations; with God hath Noah walked habitually. These are the generations of Noah: Noah was a just man and perfect in his generations, and Noah walked with God.
Genesis 6:10 And Noah begat three sons, Shem, Ham, and Japheth. And Noah begat three sons, Shem, Ham, and Japheth. And he begot three sons, Sem, Cham, and Japheth.\  And Noah begot three sons, Shem, Ham, and Japheth. And Noah begat three sons, Shem, Ham, and Japheth. And Noah begat three sons, Shem, Ham, and Japheth.Noah became the father of three sons: Shem, Ham, and Japheth. And Noah begetteth three sons, Shem, Ham, and Japheth. And Noah begat three sons, Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
Genesis 6:11 The earth also was corrupt before God, and the earth was filled with violence. And the earth was corrupt before God, and the earth was filled with violence. And the earth was corrupted before God, and was filled with iniquity. And the earth was corrupt before God, and the earth was full of violence. And the earth was corrupt before God, and the earth was filled with violence. The earth also was corrupt before God; and the earth was filled with violence. The earth was corrupt before God, and the earth was filled with violence. And the earth is corrupt before God, and the earth is filled with violence. The earth also was corrupt before God, and the earth was filled with violence.
Genesis 6:12 And God looked upon the earth, and, behold, it was corrupt; for all flesh had corrupted his way upon the earth. And God saw the earth, and, behold, it was corrupt; for all flesh had corrupted their way upon the earth. And when God had seen that the earth was corrupted (for all flesh had corrupted its way upon the earth,)  And God looked upon the earth, and behold, it was corrupt; for all flesh had corrupted its way on the earth. And God saw the earth, and, behold, it was corrupt; for all flesh had corrupted his way upon the earth. And God looked upon the earth, and behold, it was corrupt: for all flesh had corrupted his way upon the earth.God saw the earth, and saw that it was corrupt, for all flesh had corrupted their way on the earth. And God seeth the earth, and lo, it hath been corrupted, for all flesh hath corrupted its way on the earth. And God looked on the earth, and, behold, it was corrupt; for all flesh had corrupted his way on the earth.
Genesis 6:13 And God said unto Noah, The end of all flesh is come before me; for the earth is filled with violence through them; and, behold, I will destroy them with the earth. And God said unto Noah, The end of all flesh is come before me; for the earth is filled with violence through them; and, behold, I will destroy them with the earth.He said to Noe: The end of all flesh is come before me, the earth is filled with iniquity through them, and I will destroy them with the earth. And God said to Noah, The end of all flesh is come before me, for the earth is full of violence through them; and behold, I will destroy them with the earth. And God said unto Noah, The end of all flesh is come before me; for the earth is filled with violence through them; and, behold, I will destroy them with the earth. And God said to Noah, The end of all flesh is come before me; for the earth is filled with violence through them: and behold, I will destroy them with the earth.God said to Noah, "The end of all flesh has come before me, for the earth is filled with violence through them. Behold, I will destroy them with the earth. And God said to Noah, 'An end of all flesh hath come before Me, for the earth hath been full of violence from their presence; and lo, I am destroying them with the earth. And God said to Noah, The end of all flesh is come before me; for the earth is filled with violence through them; and, behold, I will destroy them with the earth.
Genesis 6:14 Make thee an ark of gopher wood; rooms shalt thou make in the ark, and shalt pitch it within and without with pitch.Make thee an ark of gopher wood; rooms shalt thou make in the ark, and shalt pitch it within and without with pitch.Make thee an ark of timber planks: thou shalt make little rooms in the ark, and thou shalt pitch it within and without. Make thyself an ark of gopher wood: with cells shalt thou make the ark; and pitch it inside and outside with pitch.Make thee an ark of gopher wood; rooms shalt thou make in the ark, and shalt pitch it within and without with pitch.Make thee an ark of gopher-wood: rooms shalt thou make in the ark, and shalt pitch it within and without with pitch.Make a ship of gopher wood. You shall make rooms in the ship, and shall seal it inside and outside with pitch.'Make for thyself an ark of gopher-wood; rooms dost thou make with the ark, and thou hast covered it within and without with cypress; Make you an ark of gopher wood; rooms shall you make in the ark, and shall pitch it within and without with pitch.
Genesis 6:15 And this is the fashion which thou shalt make it of: The length of the ark shall be three hundred cubits, the breadth of it fifty cubits, and the height of it thirty cubits. And this is how thou shalt make it: the length of the ark three hundred cubits, the breadth of it fifty cubits, and the height of it thirty cubits. And thus shalt thou make it: The length of the ark shall be three hundred cubits: the breadth of it fifty cubits, and the height of it thirty cubits. And thus shalt thou make it: let the length of the ark be three hundred cubits, the breadth of it fifty cubits, and the height of it thirty cubits. And this is how thou shalt make it: the length of the ark three hundred cubits, the breadth of it fifty cubits, and the height of it thirty cubits. And this is the fashion in which thou shalt make it: the length of the ark shall be three hundred cubits, the breadth of it fifty cubits, and the height of it thirty cubits. This is how you shall make it. The length of the ship will be three hundred cubits, its breadth fifty cubits, and its height thirty cubits. And this is that which thou dost with it: three hundred cubits is the length of the ark, fifty cubits its breadth, and thirty cubits its height; And this is the fashion which you shall make it of: The length of the ark shall be three hundred cubits, the breadth of it fifty cubits, and the height of it thirty cubits.
Genesis 6:16 A window shalt thou make to the ark, and in a cubit shalt thou finish it above; and the door of the ark shalt thou set in the side thereof; with lower, second, and third stories shalt thou make it. A light shalt thou make to the ark, and to a cubit shalt thou finish it upward; and the door of the ark shalt thou set in the side thereof; with lower, second, and third stories shalt thou make it. Thou shalt make a window in the ark, and in a cubit shalt thou finish the top of it: and the door of the ark thou shalt set in the side: with lower, middle chambers, and third stories shalt thou make it. A light shalt thou make to the ark; and to a cubit high shalt thou finish it above. And the door of the ark shalt thou set in its side: with a lower, second, and third story shalt thou make it. A light shalt thou make to the ark, and to a cubit shalt thou finish it upward; and the door of the ark shalt thou set in the side thereof; with lower, second, and third stories shalt thou make it. A window shalt thou make to the ark, and in a cubit shalt thou finish it above; and the door of the ark shalt thou set in its side: with lower, second, and third stories shalt thou make it.You shall make a roof in the ship, and you shall finish it to a cubit upward. You shall set the door of the ship in its side. You shall make it with lower, second, and third levels. A window dost thou make for the ark, and unto a cubit thou dost restrain it from above; and the opening of the ark thou dost put in its side, &#8212; lower, second, and third stories dost thou make it. A window shall you make to the ark, and in a cubit shall you finish it above; and the door of the ark shall you set in the side thereof; with lower, second, and third stories shall you make it.
Genesis 6:17 And, behold, I, even I, do bring a flood of waters upon the earth, to destroy all flesh, wherein is the breath of life, from under heaven; and every thing that is in the earth shall die. And I, behold, I do bring the flood of waters upon this earth, to destroy all flesh, wherein is the breath of life, from under heaven; everything that is in the earth shall die.Behold I will bring the waters of a great flood upon the earth, to destroy all flesh, wherein is the breath of life, under heaven. All things that are in the earth shall be consumed. For I, behold, I bring a flood of waters on the earth, to destroy all flesh under the heavens in which is the breath of life: everything that is on the earth shall expire. And I, behold, I do bring the flood of waters upon the earth, to destroy all flesh, wherein is the breath of life, from under heaven; every thing that is in the earth shall die. And behold, I, even I do bring a flood of waters upon the earth, to destroy all flesh, in which is the breath of life, from under heaven: and every thing that is on the earth shall die.I, even I, do bring the flood of waters on this earth, to destroy all flesh having the breath of life from under the sky. Everything that is in the earth will die. And I, lo, I am bringing in the deluge of waters on the earth to destroy all flesh, in which is a living spirit, from under the heavens; all that is in the earth doth expire. And, behold, I, even I, do bring a flood of waters on the earth, to destroy all flesh, wherein is the breath of life, from under heaven; and every thing that is in the earth shall die.
Genesis 6:18 But with thee will I establish my covenant; and thou shalt come into the ark, thou, and thy sons, and thy wife, and thy sons' wives with thee.But I will establish my covenant with thee; and thou shalt come into the ark, thou, and thy sons, and thy wife, and thy sons wives with thee. And I will establish my covenant with thee, and thou shalt enter into the ark, thou and thy sons, and thy wife, and the wives of thy sons with thee. But with thee will I establish my covenant; and thou shalt go into the ark, thou, and thy sons, and thy wife, and thy sons' wives with thee.But I will establish my covenant with thee; and thou shalt come into the ark, thou, and thy sons, and thy wife, and thy sons' wives with thee.But with thee will I establish my covenant: and thou shalt come into the ark, thou, and thy sons, and thy wife, and thy sons' wives with thee.But I will establish my covenant with you. You shall come into the ship, you, your sons, your wife, and your sons' wives with you.'And I have established My covenant with thee, and thou hast come in unto the ark, thou, and thy sons, and thy wife, and thy son's wives with thee; But with you will I establish my covenant; and you shall come into the ark, you, and your sons, and your wife, and your sons' wives with you.
Genesis 6:19 And of every living thing of all flesh, two of every sort shalt thou bring into the ark, to keep them alive with thee; they shall be male and female. And of every living thing of all flesh, two of every sort shalt thou bring into the ark, to keep them alive with thee; they shall be male and female. And of every living creature of all flesh, thou shalt bring two of each sort into the ark, that they may live with thee: of the male sex, and the female. And of every living thing of all flesh, two of every sort shalt thou bring into the ark, to keep them alive with thee: they shall be male and female. And of every living thing of all flesh, two of every sort shalt thou bring into the ark, to keep them alive with thee; they shall be male and female. And of every living thing of all flesh, two of every sort shalt thou bring into the ark, to keep them alive with thee: they shall be male and female.Of every living thing of all flesh, you shall bring two of every sort into the ship, to keep them alive with you. They shall be male and female. And of all that liveth, of all flesh, two of every sort thou dost bring in unto the ark, to keep alive with thee; male and female are they. And of every living thing of all flesh, two of every sort shall you bring into the ark, to keep them alive with you; they shall be male and female.
Genesis 6:20 Of fowls after their kind, and of cattle after their kind, of every creeping thing of the earth after his kind, two of every sort shall come unto thee, to keep them alive.Of the birds after their kind, and of the cattle after their kind, of every creeping thing of the ground after its kind, two of every sort shall come unto thee, to keep them alive.Of fowls according to their kind, and of beasts in their kind, and of every thing that creepeth on earth according to its kind; two of every sort shall go in with thee, that they may live. Of fowl after their kind, and of the cattle after their kind, of every creeping thing of the ground after its kind, two of each shall go in to thee, to keep them alive.Of the fowl after their kind, and of the cattle after their kind, of every creeping thing of the ground after its kind, two of every sort shall come unto thee, to keep them alive.Of fowls after their kind, and of cattle after their kind, of every creeping animal of the earth after its kind, two of every sort shall come to thee, to keep them alive.Of the birds after their kind, of the livestock after their kind, of every creeping thing of the ground after its kind, two of every sort shall come to you, to keep them alive.Of the fowl after its kind, and of the cattle after their kind, of every creeping thing of the ground after its kind, two of every sort they come in unto thee, to keep alive.Of fowls after their kind, and of cattle after their kind, of every creeping thing of the earth after his kind, two of every sort shall come to you, to keep them alive.
Genesis 6:21 And take thou unto thee of all food that is eaten, and thou shalt gather it to thee; and it shall be for food for thee, and for them. And take thou unto thee of all food that is eaten, and gather it to thee; and it shall be for food for thee, and for them. Thou shalt take unto thee of all food that may be eaten, and thou shalt lay it up with thee: and it shall be food for thee and them. And take thou of all food that is eaten, and gather it to thee, that it may be for food for thee and for them. And take thou unto thee of all food that is eaten, and gather it to thee; and it shall be for food for thee, and for them. And take thou to thee of all food that is eaten, and thou shalt gather it to thee; and it shall be for food for thee, and for them. Take with you of all food that is eaten, and gather it to yourself; and it will be for food for you, and for them." 'And thou, take to thyself of all food that is eaten; and thou hast gathered unto thyself, and it hath been to thee and to them for food.' And take you to you of all food that is eaten, and you shall gather it to you; and it shall be for food for you, and for them.
Genesis 6:22 Thus did Noah; according to all that God commanded him, so did he. Thus did Noah; according to all that God commanded him, so did he. And Noe did all things which God commanded him. And Noah did it; according to all that God had commanded him, so did he. Thus did Noah; according to all that God commanded him, so did he. Thus did Noah; according to all that God commanded him, so did he. Thus Noah did. According to all that God commanded him, so he did. And Noah doth according to all that God hath commanded him; so hath he done. Thus did Noah; according to all that God commanded him, so did he.
Genesis 7:1 And the LORD said unto Noah, Come thou and all thy house into the ark; for thee have I seen righteous before me in this generation. And Jehovah said unto Noah, Come thou and all thy house into the ark; for thee have I seen righteous before me in this generation. And the Lord said to him: Go in thou and all thy house into the ark: for thee I have seen just before me in this generation. And Jehovah said to Noah, Go into the ark, thou and all thy house; for thee have I seen righteous before me in this generation. And the LORD said unto Noah, Come thou and all thy house into the ark; for thee have I seen righteous before me in this generation. And the LORD said to Noah, Come thou and all thy house into the ark: for thee have I seen righteous before me in this generation.Yahweh said to Noah, "Come with all of your household into the ship, for I have seen your righteousness before me in this generation. And Jehovah saith to Noah, 'Come in, thou and all thy house, unto the ark, for thee I have seen righteous before Me in this generation; And the LORD said to Noah, Come you and all your house into the ark; for you have I seen righteous before me in this generation.
Genesis 7:2 Of every clean beast thou shalt take to thee by sevens, the male and his female: and of beasts that are not clean by two, the male and his female.Of every clean beast thou shalt take to thee seven and seven, the male and his female; and of the beasts that are not clean two, the male and his female: Of all clean beasts take seven and seven, the male and female. Of all clean beasts thou shalt take to thee by sevens, a male and its female; but of the beasts that are not clean two, a male and its female.Of every clean beast thou shalt take to thee seven and seven, the male and his female; and of the beasts that are not clean two, the male and his female; Of every clean beast thou shalt take to thee by sevens, the male and his female: and of beasts that are not clean by two, the male and his female.You shall take seven pairs of every clean animal with you, the male and his female. Of the animals that are not clean, take two, the male and his female.of all the clean beasts thou dost take to thee seven pairs, a male and its female; and of the beasts which are not clean two, a male and its female; Of every clean beast you shall take to you by sevens, the male and his female: and of beasts that are not clean by two, the male and his female.
Genesis 7:3 Of fowls also of the air by sevens, the male and the female; to keep seed alive upon the face of all the earth.of the birds also of the heavens, seven and seven, male and female, to keep seed alive upon the face of all the earth.But of the beasts that are unclean two and two, the male and female. Of the fowls also of the air seven and seven,the male and the female: that seed may be saved upon the face of the whole earth. Also of the fowl of the heavens by sevens, male and female; to keep seed alive on the face of all the earth.of the fowl also of the air, seven and seven, male and female: to keep seed alive upon the face of all the earth.Of fowls of the air also by sevens, the male and the female; to keep seed alive on the face of all the earth. Also of the birds of the sky, seven and seven, male and female, to keep seed alive on the surface of all the earth. Also, of fowl of the heavens seven pairs, a male and a female, to keep alive seed on the face of all the earth; Of fowls also of the air by sevens, the male and the female; to keep seed alive on the face of all the earth.
Genesis 7:4 For yet seven days, and I will cause it to rain upon the earth forty days and forty nights; and every living substance that I have made will I destroy from off the face of the earth.For yet seven days, and I will cause it to rain upon the earth forty days and forty nights; and every living thing that I have made will I destroy from off the face of the ground.For yet a while, and after seven days, I will rain upon the earth forty days and forty nights; and I will destroy every substance that I have made, from the face of the earth. For in yet seven days I will cause it to rain on the earth forty days and forty nights; and every living being which I have made will I destroy from the ground.For yet seven days, and I will cause it to rain upon the earth forty days and forty nights; and every living thing that I have made will I destroy from off the face of the ground.For yet seven days, and I will cause it to rain upon the earth forty days and forty nights: and every living substance that I have made will I destroy from the face of the earth.In seven days, I will cause it to rain on the earth for forty days and forty nights. Every living thing that I have made, I will destroy from the surface of the ground." for after other seven days I am sending rain on the earth forty days and forty nights, and have wiped away all the substance that I have made from off the face of the ground.' For yet seven days, and I will cause it to rain on the earth forty days and forty nights; and every living substance that I have made will I destroy from off the face of the earth.
Genesis 7:5 And Noah did according unto all that the LORD commanded him. And Noah did according unto all that Jehovah commanded him. And Noe did all things which the Lord had commanded him. And Noah did according to all that Jehovah had commanded him. And Noah did according unto all that the LORD commanded him. And Noah did according to all that the LORD commanded him.Noah did everything that Yahweh commanded him. And Noah doth according to all that Jehovah hath commanded him: And Noah did according to all that the LORD commanded him.
Genesis 7:6 And Noah was six hundred years old when the flood of waters was upon the earth. And Noah was six hundred years old when the flood of waters was upon the earth. And he was six hundred years old, when the waters of the flood overflowed the earth. And Noah was six hundred years old when the flood of waters was on the earth. And Noah was six hundred years old when the flood of waters was upon the earth. And Noah was six hundred years old when the flood of waters was on the earth.Noah was six hundred years old when the flood of waters came on the earth. And Noah is a son of six hundred years, and the deluge of waters hath been upon the earth. And Noah was six hundred years old when the flood of waters was on the earth.
Genesis 7:7 And Noah went in, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons' wives with him, into the ark, because of the waters of the flood. And Noah went in, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons wives with him, into the ark, because of the waters of the flood. And Noe went in and his sons, his wife and the wives of his sons with him into the ark, because of the waters of the flood. And Noah went in, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons' wives with him, into the ark, because of the waters of the flood. And Noah went in, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons' wives with him, into the ark, because of the waters of the flood. And Noah went in, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons' wives with him, into the ark, because of the waters of the flood.Noah went into the ship with his sons, his wife, and his sons' wives, because of the waters of the flood. And Noah goeth in, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons' wives with him, unto the ark, from the presence of the waters of the deluge; And Noah went in, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons' wives with him, into the ark, because of the waters of the flood.
Genesis 7:8 Of clean beasts, and of beasts that are not clean, and of fowls, and of every thing that creepeth upon the earth, Of clean beasts, and of beasts that are not clean, and of birds, and of everything that creepeth upon the ground, And of the beasts clean and unclean, and of fowls, and of every thing that moveth upon the earth,  Of clean beasts, and of beasts that are not clean, and of fowl, and of everything that creeps on the ground, Of clean beasts, and of beasts that are not clean, and of fowls, and of every thing that creepeth upon the ground, Of clean beasts, and of beasts that are not clean, and of fowls, and of every animal that creepeth upon the earth; Clean animals, animals that are not clean, birds, and everything that creeps on the ground of the clean beasts and of the beasts that are not clean, and of the fowl, and of every thing that is creeping upon the ground, Of clean beasts, and of beasts that are not clean, and of fowls, and of every thing that creeps on the earth, 
Genesis 7:9 There went in two and two unto Noah into the ark, the male and the female, as God had commanded Noah. There went in two and two unto Noah into the ark, male and female, as God commanded Noah. Two and two went in to Noe into the ark, male and female, as the Lord had commanded Noe. there came two and two unto Noah into the ark, male and female, as God had commanded Noah. There went in two and two unto Noah into the ark, male and female, as God commanded Noah. There went in two and two to Noah into the ark, the male and the female, as God had commanded Noah.went by pairs to Noah into the ship, male and female, as God commanded Noah. Two by two they have come in unto Noah, unto the ark, a male and a female, as God hath commanded Noah. There went in two and two to Noah into the ark, the male and the female, as God had commanded Noah.
Genesis 7:10 And it came to pass after seven days, that the waters of the flood were upon the earth. And it came to pass after the seven days, that the waters of the flood were upon the earth. And after seven days were passed, the waters of the flood overflowed the earth. And it came to pass after seven days that the waters of the flood were on the earth. And it came to pass after the seven days, that the waters of the flood were upon the earth. And it came to pass after seven days, that the waters of the flood were upon the earth.It happened after the seven days, that the waters of the flood came on the earth. And it cometh to pass, after the seventh of the days, that waters of the deluge have been on the earth. And it came to pass after seven days, that the waters of the flood were on the earth.
Genesis 7:11 In the six hundredth year of Noah's life, in the second month, the seventeenth day of the month, the same day were all the fountains of the great deep broken up, and the windows of heaven were opened.In the six hundredth year of Noah's life, in the second month, on the seventeenth day of the month, on the same day were all the fountains of the great deep broken up, and the windows of heaven were opened.In the six hundreth year of the life of Noe in the second month, in the seventeenth day of the month, all the fountains of the great deep were broken up, and the flood gates of heaven were open:  In the six hundredth year of Noah's life, in the second month, on the seventeenth day of the month, on that same day all the fountains of the great deep were broken up, and the windows of heaven were opened.In the six hundredth year of Noah's life, in the second month, on the seventeenth day of the month, on the same day were all the fountains of the great deep broken up, and the windows of heaven were opened.In the six hundredth year of Noah's life, in the second month, the seventeenth day of the month, the same day were all the fountains of the great deep broken up, and the windows of heaven were opened.In the six hundredth year of Noah's life, in the second month, on the seventeenth day of the month, on the same day all the fountains of the great deep were burst open, and the sky's windows were opened.In the six hundredth year of the life of Noah, in the second month, in the seventeenth day of the month, in this day have been broken up all fountains of the great deep, and the net-work of the heavens hath been opened, In the six hundredth year of Noah's life, in the second month, the seventeenth day of the month, the same day were all the fountains of the great deep broken up, and the windows of heaven were opened.
Genesis 7:12 And the rain was upon the earth forty days and forty nights. And the rain was upon the earth forty days and forty nights. And the rain fell upon the earth forty days and forty nights. And the pour of rain was on the earth forty days and forty nights. And the rain was upon the earth forty days and forty nights. And the rain was upon the earth forty days and forty nights. The rain was on the earth forty days and forty nights. And the shower is on the earth forty days and forty nights. And the rain was on the earth forty days and forty nights.
Genesis 7:13 In the selfsame day entered Noah, and Shem, and Ham, and Japheth, the sons of Noah, and Noah's wife, and the three wives of his sons with them, into the ark; In the selfsame day entered Noah, and Shem, and Ham, and Japheth, the sons of Noah, and Noah's wife, and the three wives of his sons with them, into the ark; In the selfsame day Noe, and Sem, and Cham, and Japheth his sons: his wife, and the three wives of his sons with them, went into the ark:  On the same day went Noah, and Shem and Ham and Japheth, the sons of Noah, and Noah's wife, and the three wives of his sons with them, into the ark; In the selfsame day entered Noah, and Shem, and Ham, and Japheth, the sons of Noah, and Noah's wife, and the three wives of his sons with them, into the ark; In the same day entered Noah, and Shem, and Ham, and Japheth, the sons of Noah, and Noah's wife, and the three wives of his sons with them, into the ark.In the same day Noah, and Shem, Ham, and Japheth, the sons of Noah, and Noah's wife, and the three wives of his sons with them, entered into the ship; In this self-same day went in Noah, and Shem, and Ham, and Japheth, sons of Noah, and Noah's wife and the three wives of his sons with them, unto the ark; In the selfsame day entered Noah, and Shem, and Ham, and Japheth, the sons of Noah, and Noah's wife, and the three wives of his sons with them, into the ark; 
Genesis 7:14 They, and every beast after his kind, and all the cattle after their kind, and every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth after his kind, and every fowl after his kind, every bird of every sort. They, and every beast after its kind, and all the cattle after their kind, and every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth after its kind, and every bird after its kind, every bird of every sort. They and every beast according to its kind, and all the cattle in their kind, and every thing that moveth upon the earth according to its kind, and every fowl according to its kind, and every fowl according to its kind, all birds, and all that fly. they, and every beast after its kind, and all the cattle after their kind, and every creeping thing that creeps on the earth after its kind, and all fowl after its kind every bird of every wing. They, and every beast after its kind, and all the cattle after their kind, and every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth after its kind, and every fowl after its kind, every bird of every sort. They, and every beast after his kind, and all the cattle after their kind, and every creeping animal that creepeth upon the earth after his kind, and every fowl after his kind, every bird of every sort. They, and every animal after its kind, all the livestock after their kind, every creeping thing that creeps on the earth after its kind, and every bird after its kind, every bird of every sort. They, and every living creature after its kind, and every beast after its kind, and every creeping thing that is creeping on the earth after its kind, and every fowl after its kind, every bird &#8212; every wing. They, and every beast after his kind, and all the cattle after their kind, and every creeping thing that creeps on the earth after his kind, and every fowl after his kind, every bird of every sort.
Genesis 7:15 And they went in unto Noah into the ark, two and two of all flesh, wherein is the breath of life. And they went in unto Noah into the ark, two and two of all flesh wherein is the breath of life.Went in to Noe into the ark, two and two of all flesh, wherein was the breath of life. And they went to Noah, into the ark, two and two of all flesh, in which was the breath of life. And they went in unto Noah into the ark, two and two of all flesh wherein is the breath of life. And they went in to Noah into the ark, two and two of all flesh, in which is the breath of life. They went to Noah into the ship, by pairs of all flesh with the breath of life in them. And they come in unto Noah, unto the ark, two by two of all the flesh in which is a living spirit; And they went in to Noah into the ark, two and two of all flesh, wherein is the breath of life.
Genesis 7:16 And they that went in, went in male and female of all flesh, as God had commanded him: and the LORD shut him in. And they that went in, went in male and female of all flesh, as God commanded him: and Jehovah shut him in. And they that went in, went in male and female of all flesh, as God had commanded him: and the Lord shut him in on the outside. And they that came, came male and female of all flesh, as God had commanded him. And Jehovah shut him in. And they that went in, went in male and female of all flesh, as God commanded him: and the LORD shut him in. And they that entered, went in male and female of all flesh, as God had commanded him: and the LORD shut him in. Those who went in, went in male and female of all flesh, as God commanded him; and Yahweh shut him in. And they that are coming in, male and female of all flesh, have come in as God hath commanded him, and Jehovah doth close it for him. And they that went in, went in male and female of all flesh, as God had commanded him: and the LORD shut him in.
Genesis 7:17 And the flood was forty days upon the earth; and the waters increased, and bare up the ark, and it was lift up above the earth. And the flood was forty days upon the earth; and the waters increased, and bare up the ark, and it was lifted up above the earth. And the flood was forty days upon the earth, and the waters increased, and lifted up the ark on high from earth. And the flood was forty days on the earth. And the waters increased, and bore up the ark; and it was lifted up above the earth. And the flood was forty days upon the earth; and the waters increased, and bare up the ark, and it was lift up above the earth. And the flood was forty days upon the earth: and the waters increased, and bore up the ark, and it was lifted above the earth. The flood was forty days on the earth. The waters increased, and lifted up the ship, and it was lifted up above the earth. And the deluge is forty days on the earth, and the waters multiply, and lift up the ark, and it is raised up from off the earth; And the flood was forty days on the earth; and the waters increased, and bore up the ark, and it was lift up above the earth.
Genesis 7:18 And the waters prevailed, and were increased greatly upon the earth; and the ark went upon the face of the waters. And the waters prevailed, and increased greatly upon the earth; and the ark went upon the face of the waters.For they overflowed exceedingly: and filled all on the face of the earth: and the ark was carried upon the waters. And the waters prevailed and increased greatly on the earth; and the ark went on the face of the waters. And the waters prevailed, and increased greatly upon the earth; and the ark went upon the face of the waters. And the waters prevailed, and were increased greatly upon the earth: and the ark moved upon the face of the waters. The waters prevailed, and increased greatly on the earth; and the ship floated on the surface of the waters. And the waters are mighty, and multiply exceedingly upon the earth; and the ark goeth on the face of the waters. And the waters prevailed, and were increased greatly on the earth; and the ark went on the face of the waters.
Genesis 7:19 And the waters prevailed exceedingly upon the earth; and all the high hills, that were under the whole heaven, were covered. And the waters prevailed exceedingly upon the earth; and all the high mountains that were under the whole heaven were covered. And the waters prevailed beyond measure upon the earth: and all the high mountains under the whole heaven were covered. And the waters prevailed exceedingly on the earth; and all the high mountains that are under all the heavens were covered. And the waters prevailed exceedingly upon the earth; and all the high mountains that were under the whole heaven were covered. And the waters prevailed exceedingly upon the earth; and all the high hills that were under the whole heaven were covered. The waters prevailed exceedingly on the earth. All the high mountains that were under the whole sky were covered. And the waters have been very very mighty on the earth, and covered are all the high mountains which are under the whole heavens; And the waters prevailed exceedingly on the earth; and all the high hills, that were under the whole heaven, were covered.
Genesis 7:20 Fifteen cubits upward did the waters prevail; and the mountains were covered.Fifteen cubits upward did the waters prevail; and the mountains were covered. The water was fifteen cubits higher than the mountains which it covered. Fifteen cubits upward the waters prevailed; and the mountains were covered.Fifteen cubits upward did the waters prevail; and the mountains were covered.Fifteen cubits upward did the waters prevail: and the mountains were covered. The waters prevailed fifteen cubits upward, and the mountains were covered.fifteen cubits upwards have the waters become mighty, and the mountains are covered; Fifteen cubits upward did the waters prevail; and the mountains were covered.
Genesis 7:21 And all flesh died that moved upon the earth, both of fowl, and of cattle, and of beast, and of every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth, and every man: And all flesh died that moved upon the earth, both birds, and cattle, and beasts, and every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth, and every man: And all flesh was destroyed that moved upon the earth, both of fowl, and of cattle, and of beasts, and of all creeping things that creep upon the earth: and all men. And all flesh that moved on the earth expired, fowl as well as cattle, and beasts, and all crawling things which crawl on the earth, and all mankind: And all flesh died that moved upon the earth, both fowl, and cattle, and beast, and every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth, and every man: And all flesh died that moved upon the earth, both of fowl, and of cattle, and of beast, and of every creeping animal that creepeth upon the earth, and every man: All flesh died that moved on the earth, including birds, livestock, animals, every creeping thing that creeps on the earth, and every man. And expire doth all flesh that is moving on the earth, among fowl, and among cattle, and among beasts, and among all the teeming things which are teeming on the earth, and all mankind; And all flesh died that moved on the earth, both of fowl, and of cattle, and of beast, and of every creeping thing that creeps on the earth, and every man: 
Genesis 7:22 All in whose nostrils was the breath of life, of all that was in the dry land, died. All in whose nostrils was the breath of the spirit of life, of all that was on the dry land, died. And all things wherein there is the breath of life on the earth, died. everything which had in its nostrils the breath of life, of all that was on the dry land, died. All in whose nostrils was the breath of the spirit of life, of all that was in the dry land, died. All in whose nostrils was the breath of life, of all that was on the dry land, died. All in whose nostrils was the breath of the spirit of life, of all that was on the dry land, died. All in whose nostrils is breath of a living spirit &#8212; of all that is in the dry land &#8212; have died. All in whose nostrils was the breath of life, of all that was in the dry land, died.
Genesis 7:23 And every living substance was destroyed which was upon the face of the ground, both man, and cattle, and the creeping things, and the fowl of the heaven; and they were destroyed from the earth: and Noah only remained alive, and they that were with him in the ark. And every living thing was destroyed that was upon the face of the ground, both man, and cattle, and creeping things, and birds of the heavens; and they were destroyed from the earth: and Noah only was left, and they that were with him in the ark. And he destroyed all the substance that was upon the earth, from man to beast, and the creeping things and fowls of the air: and they were destroyed from the earth: and Noe only remained, and they that were with him in the ark. And every living being was destroyed that was on the ground, both man, and cattle, and creeping things, and fowl of the heavens; and they were destroyed from the earth. And Noah alone remained, and what was with him in the ark. And every living thing was destroyed which was upon the face of the ground, both man, and cattle, and creeping thing, and fowl of the heaven; and they were destroyed from the earth: and Noah only was left, and they that were with him in the ark. And every living substance was destroyed which was upon the face of the ground, both man, and cattle, and the creeping animals, and the fowl of heaven; and they were destroyed from the earth; and Noah only remained alive, and they that were with him in the ark.Every living thing was destroyed that was on the surface of the ground, including man, livestock, creeping things, and birds of the sky. They were destroyed from the earth. Only Noah was left, and those who were with him in the ship. And wiped away is all the substance that is on the face of the ground, from man unto beast, unto creeping thing, and unto fowl of the heavens; yea, they are wiped away from the earth, and only Noah is left, and those who are with him in the ark; And every living substance was destroyed which was on the face of the ground, both man, and cattle, and the creeping things, and the fowl of the heaven; and they were destroyed from the earth: and Noah only remained alive, and they that were with him in the ark.
Genesis 7:24 And the waters prevailed upon the earth an hundred and fifty days. And the waters prevailed upon the earth a hundred and fifty days. And the waters prevailed upon the earth a hundred and fifty days. And the waters prevailed on the earth a hundred and fifty days. And the waters prevailed upon the earth an hundred and fifty days. And the waters prevailed upon the earth a hundred and fifty days. The waters prevailed on the earth one hundred fifty days. And the waters are mighty on the earth a hundred and fifty days. And the waters prevailed on the earth an hundred and fifty days.
Genesis 8:1 And God remembered Noah, and every living thing, and all the cattle that was with him in the ark: and God made a wind to pass over the earth, and the waters asswaged; And God remembered Noah, and all the beasts, and all the cattle that were with him in the ark: and God made a wind to pass over the earth, and the waters assuaged; And God remembered Noe, and all the living creatures, and all the cattle which were with him in the ark, and brought a wind upon the earth, and the waters were abated. And God remembered Noah, and all the animals, and all the cattle that were with him in the ark; and God made a wind to pass over the earth, and the waters subsided. And God remembered Noah, and every living thing, and all the cattle that were with him in the ark: and God made a wind to pass over the earth, and the waters assuaged; And God remembered Noah, and every living animal, and all the cattle that were with him in the ark: and God made a wind to pass over the earth, and the waters were checked.God remembered Noah, all the animals, and all the livestock that were with him in the ship; and God made a wind to pass over the earth. The waters subsided. And God remembereth Noah, and every living thing, and all the cattle which are with him in the ark, and God causeth a wind to pass over the earth, and the waters subside, And God remembered Noah, and every living thing, and all the cattle that was with him in the ark: and God made a wind to pass over the earth, and the waters assuaged; 
Genesis 8:2 The fountains also of the deep and the windows of heaven were stopped, and the rain from heaven was restrained; the fountains also of the deep and the windows of heaven were stopped, and the rain from heaven was restrained; The fountains also of the deep, and the flood gates of heaven were shut up, and the rain from heaven was restrained. And the fountains of the deep and the windows of heaven were closed, and the pour of rain from heaven was stopped. The fountains also of the deep and the windows of heaven were stopped, and the rain from heaven was restrained; The fountains also of the deep, and the windows of heaven were stopped, and the rain from heaven was restrained; The deep's fountains and the sky's windows were also stopped, and the rain from the sky was restrained. And closed are the fountains of the deep and the net-work of the heavens, and restrained is the shower from the heavens. The fountains also of the deep and the windows of heaven were stopped, and the rain from heaven was restrained; 
Genesis 8:3 And the waters returned from off the earth continually: and after the end of the hundred and fifty days the waters were abated. And the waters returned from off the earth continually: and after the end of a hundred and fifty days the waters decreased. And the waters returned from off the earth going and coming: and they began to be abated after a hundred and fifty days. And the waters retired from the earth, continually retiring; and in the course of a hundred and fifty days the waters abated. And the waters returned from off the earth continually: and after the end of an hundred and fifty days the waters decreased. And the waters returned from off the earth continually: and after the end of the hundred and fifty days the waters were abated. The waters receded from the earth continually. After the end of one hundred fifty days the waters decreased. And turn back do the waters from off the earth, going on and returning; and the waters are lacking at the end of a hundred and fifty days. And the waters returned from off the earth continually: and after the end of the hundred and fifty days the waters were abated.
Genesis 8:4 And the ark rested in the seventh month, on the seventeenth day of the month, upon the mountains of Ararat. And the ark rested in the seventh month, on the seventeenth day of the month, upon the mountains of Ararat. And the ark rested in the seventh month, the seven and twentieth day of the month, upon the mountains of Armenia. And the ark rested in the seventh month, on the seventeenth day of the month, on the mountains of Ararat. And the ark rested in the seventh month, on the seventeenth day of the month, upon the mountains of Ararat. And the ark rested in the seventh month, on the seventeenth day of the month, upon the mountains of Ararat. The ship rested in the seventh month, on the seventeenth day of the month, on Ararat's mountains. And the ark resteth, in the seventh month, in the seventeenth day of the month, on mountains of Ararat; And the ark rested in the seventh month, on the seventeenth day of the month, on the mountains of Ararat.
Genesis 8:5 And the waters decreased continually until the tenth month: in the tenth month, on the first day of the month, were the tops of the mountains seen. And the waters decreased continually until the tenth month: in the tenth month, on the first day of the month, were the tops of the mountains seen. And the waters were going and decreasing until the tenth month: for in the tenth month, the first day of the month, the tops of the mountains appeared. And the waters abated continually until the tenth month: in the tenth month, on the first of the month, the tops of the mountains were seen. And the waters decreased continually until the tenth month: in the tenth month, on the first day of the month, were the tops of the mountains seen. And the waters decreased continually, till the tenth month: in the tenth month, on the first day of the month, were the tops of the mountains seen. The waters receded continually until the tenth month. In the tenth month, on the first day of the month, the tops of the mountains were seen. And the waters have been going and becoming lacking till the tenth month; in the tenth month, on the first of the month, appeared the heads of the mountains. And the waters decreased continually until the tenth month: in the tenth month, on the first day of the month, were the tops of the mountains seen.
Genesis 8:6 And it came to pass at the end of forty days, that Noah opened the window of the ark which he had made: And it came to pass at the end of forty days, that Noah opened the window of the ark which he had made: And after that forty days were passed, Noe, opening the window of the ark which he had made, sent forth a raven:  And it came to pass at the end of forty days that Noah opened the window of the ark which he had made. And it came to pass at the end of forty days, that Noah opened the window of the ark which he had made: And it came to pass at the end of forty days, that Noah opened the window of the ark which he had made: It happened at the end of forty days, that Noah opened the window of the ship which he had made, And it cometh to pass, at the end of forty days, that Noah openeth the window of the ark which he made, And it came to pass at the end of forty days, that Noah opened the window of the ark which he had made: 
Genesis 8:7 And he sent forth a raven, which went forth to and fro, until the waters were dried up from off the earth. And he sent forth a raven, and it went forth to and fro, until the waters were dried up from off the earth.Which went forth and did not return, till the waters were dried up upon the earth. And he sent out the raven, which went forth going to and fro, until the waters were dried from the earth. And he sent forth a raven, and it went forth to and fro, until the waters were dried up from off the earth. And he sent forth a raven, which went forth to and fro, till the waters were dried from off the earth. And he sent forth a raven. It went back and forth, until the waters were dried up from the earth. And he sendeth forth the raven, and it goeth out, going out and turning back till the drying of the waters from off the earth. And he sent forth a raven, which went forth to and fro, until the waters were dried up from off the earth.
Genesis 8:8 Also he sent forth a dove from him, to see if the waters were abated from off the face of the ground; And he sent forth a dove from him, to see if the waters were abated from off the face of the ground; He sent forth also a dove after him, to see if the waters had now ceased upon the face of the earth. And he sent out the dove from him, to see if the waters had become low on the ground. And he sent forth a dove from him, to see if the waters were abated from off the face of the ground; Also he sent forth a dove from him, to see if the waters were abated from off the face of the ground; He sent forth a dove from him, to see if the waters were abated from the surface of the ground, And he sendeth forth the dove from him to see whether the waters have been lightened from off the face of the ground, Also he sent forth a dove from him, to see if the waters were abated from off the face of the ground; 
Genesis 8:9 But the dove found no rest for the sole of her foot, and she returned unto him into the ark, for the waters were on the face of the whole earth: then he put forth his hand, and took her, and pulled her in unto him into the ark.but the dove found no rest for the sole of her foot, and she returned unto him to the ark; for the waters were on the face of the whole earth: and he put forth his hand, and took her, and brought her in unto him into the ark.But she, not finding where her foot might rest, returned to him into the ark: for the waters were upon the whole earth: and he put forth his hand, and caught her, and brought her into the ark. But the dove found no resting-place for the sole of her foot, and returned to him into the ark; for the waters were on the whole earth; and he put forth his hand, and took her, and brought her to him into the ark.but the dove found no rest for the sole of her foot, and she returned unto him to the ark, for the waters were on the face of the whole earth: and he put forth his hand, and took her, and brought her in unto him into the ark.But the dove found no rest for the sole of her foot, and she returned to him into the ark; for the waters were on the face of the whole earth. Then he put forth his hand, and took her, and pulled her in to him into the ark.but the dove found no place to rest her foot, and she returned to him into the ship; for the waters were on the surface of the whole earth. He put forth his hand, and took her, and brought her to him into the ship. And the dove hath not found rest for the sole of her foot, and she turneth back unto him, unto the ark, for waters are on the face of all the earth, and he putteth out his hand, and taketh her, and bringeth her in unto him, unto the ark.But the dove found no rest for the sole of her foot, and she returned to him into the ark, for the waters were on the face of the whole earth: then he put forth his hand, and took her, and pulled her in to him into the ark.
Genesis 8:10 And he stayed yet other seven days; and again he sent forth the dove out of the ark; And he stayed yet other seven days; and again he sent forth the dove out of the ark; And having waited yet seven other days, he again sent forth the dove out of the ark. And he waited yet other seven days, and again he sent forth the dove out of the ark. And he stayed yet other seven days; and again he sent forth the dove out of the ark; And he stayed yet other seven days, and again he sent forth the dove out of the ark; He stayed yet another seven days; and again he sent forth the dove out of the ship. And he stayeth yet other seven days, and addeth to send forth the dove from the ark; And he stayed yet other seven days; and again he sent forth the dove out of the ark; 
Genesis 8:11 And the dove came in to him in the evening; and, lo, in her mouth was an olive leaf pluckt off: so Noah knew that the waters were abated from off the earth. And the dove came in to him at eventide; and, lo, in her mouth an olive-leaf plucked off: so Noah knew that the waters were abated from off the earth. And she came to him in the evening, carrying a bough of an olive tree, with green leaves, in her mouth. Noe therefore understood that the waters were ceased upon the earth. And the dove came to him at eventide; and behold, in her beak was an olive-leaf plucked off; and Noah knew that the waters had become low on the earth. And the dove came in to him at eventide; and, lo, in her mouth an olive leaf pluckt off: so Noah knew that the waters were abated from off the earth. And the dove came in to him in the evening, and lo, in her mouth was an olive-leaf plucked off: So Noah knew that the waters were abated from off the earth. The dove came back to him at evening, and, behold, in her mouth was an olive leaf plucked off. So Noah knew that the waters were abated from the earth. And the dove cometh in unto him at even-time, and lo, an olive leaf torn off in her mouth; and Noah knoweth that the waters have been lightened from off the earth. And the dove came in to him in the evening; and, see, in her mouth was an olive leaf plucked off: so Noah knew that the waters were abated from off the earth.
Genesis 8:12 And he stayed yet other seven days; and sent forth the dove; which returned not again unto him any more. And he stayed yet other seven days, and sent forth the dove; and she returned not again unto him any more. And he stayed yet other seven days: and he sent forth the dove, which returned not any more unto him. And he waited yet other seven days, and sent forth the dove; but she returned no more to him. And he stayed yet other seven days; and sent forth the dove; and she returned not again unto him any more. And he stayed yet other seven days, and sent forth the dove; which returned not again to him any more.He stayed yet another seven days, and sent forth the dove; and she didn't return to him any more. And he stayeth yet other seven days, and sendeth forth the dove, and it added not to turn back unto him any more. And he stayed yet other seven days; and sent forth the dove; which returned not again to him any more.
Genesis 8:13 And it came to pass in the six hundredth and first year, in the first month, the first day of the month, the waters were dried up from off the earth: and Noah removed the covering of the ark, and looked, and, behold, the face of the ground was dry. And it came to pass in the six hundred and first year, in the first month, the first day of the month, the waters were dried up from off the earth: and Noah removed the covering of the ark, and looked, and, behold, the face of the ground was dried. Therefore in the six hundreth and first year, the first month, the first day of the month, the waters were lessened upon the earth, and Noe opening the covering of the ark, looked, and saw that the face of the earth was dried. And it came to pass in the six hundred and first year, in the first month, on the first of the month, that the waters were dried up from the earth. And Noah removed the covering of the ark, and looked, and behold, the surface of the ground was dried. And it came to pass in the six hundred and first year, in the first month, the first day of the month, the waters were dried up from off the earth: and Noah removed the covering of the ark, and looked, and, behold, the face of the ground was dried. And it came to pass in the six hundredth and first year, in the first month, the first day of the month, the waters were dried from off the earth: and Noah removed the covering of the ark, and looked, and behold, the face of the ground was dry.It happened in the six hundred first year, in the first month, the first day of the month, the waters were dried up from the earth. Noah removed the covering of the ship, and looked. He saw that the surface of the ground was dried. And it cometh to pass in the six hundredth and first year, in the first month, in the first of the month, the waters have been dried from off the earth; and Noah turneth aside the covering of the ark, and looketh, and lo, the face of the ground hath been dried. And it came to pass in the six hundredth and first year, in the first month, the first day of the month, the waters were dried up from off the earth: and Noah removed the covering of the ark, and looked, and, behold, the face of the ground was dry.
Genesis 8:14 And in the second month, on the seven and twentieth day of the month, was the earth dried. And in the second month, on the seven and twentieth day of the month, was the earth dry.In the second month, the seven and twentieth day of the month, the earth was dried. And in the second month, on the twenty-seventh day of the month, the earth was dry. And in the second month, on the seven and twentieth day of the month, was the earth dry. And in the second month, on the seven and twentieth day of the month, was the earth dried.In the second month, on the twenty-seventh day of the month, the earth was dry. And in the second month, in the seven and twentieth day of the month, the earth hath become dry. And in the second month, on the seven and twentieth day of the month, was the earth dried.
Genesis 8:15 And God spake unto Noah, saying, And God spake unto Noah, saying, And God spoke to Noe, saying:  And God spoke to Noah, saying, And God spake unto Noah, saying, And God spoke to Noah, saying, God spoke to Noah, saying, And God speaketh unto Noah, saying, 'Go out from the ark, thou, and thy wife, and thy sons, and thy sons' wives with thee; And God spoke to Noah, saying, 
Genesis 8:16 Go forth of the ark, thou, and thy wife, and thy sons, and thy sons' wives with thee.Go forth from the ark, thou, and thy wife, and thy sons, and thy sons wives with thee.Go out of the ark, thou and thy wife, thy sons, and the wives of thy sons with thee. Go out of the ark, thou, and thy wife, and thy sons, and thy sons' wives with thee.Go forth of the ark, thou, and thy wife, and thy sons, and thy sons' wives with thee.Go forth from the ark, thou, and thy wife, and thy sons, and thy sons' wives with thee."Go out of the ship, you, and your wife, and your sons, and your sons' wives with you.every living thing that is with thee, of all flesh, among fowl, and among cattle, and among every creeping thing which is creeping on the earth, bring out with thee; Go forth of the ark, you, and your wife, and your sons, and your sons' wives with you.
Genesis 8:17 Bring forth with thee every living thing that is with thee, of all flesh, both of fowl, and of cattle, and of every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth; that they may breed abundantly in the earth, and be fruitful, and multiply upon the earth.Bring forth with thee every living thing that is with thee of all flesh, both birds, and cattle, and every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth; that they may breed abundantly in the earth, and be fruitful, and multiply upon the earth. All livings things that are with thee of all flesh, as well in fowls as in beasts, and all creeping things that creep upon the earth, bring out with thee, and go ye upon the earth: increased and multiply upon it. Bring forth with thee every animal which is with thee, of all flesh, fowl as well as cattle, and all the creeping things which creep on the earth, that they may swarm on the earth, and may be fruitful and multiply on the earth.Bring forth with thee every living thing that is with thee of all flesh, both fowl, and cattle, and every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth; that they may breed abundantly in the earth, and be fruitful, and multiply upon the earth.Bring forth with thee every living animal that is with thee, of all flesh, of fowl, and of cattle, and of every creeping animal that creepeth upon the earth; that they may breed abundantly on the earth, and be fruitful, and multiply upon the earth.Bring forth with you every living thing that is with you of all flesh, including birds, livestock, and every creeping thing that creeps on the earth, that they may breed abundantly in the earth, and be fruitful, and multiply on the earth." and they have teemed in the earth, and been fruitful, and have multiplied on the earth.' Bring forth with you every living thing that is with you, of all flesh, both of fowl, and of cattle, and of every creeping thing that creeps on the earth; that they may breed abundantly in the earth, and be fruitful, and multiply on the earth.
Genesis 8:18 And Noah went forth, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons' wives with him: And Noah went forth, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons wives with him: So Noe went out, he and his sons: his wife, and the wives of his sons with him. And Noah went out, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons' wives with him. And Noah went forth, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons' wives with him: And Noah went forth, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons' wives with him: Noah went forth, with his sons, his wife, and his sons' wives with him. And Noah goeth out, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons' wives with him; And Noah went forth, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons' wives with him: 
Genesis 8:19 Every beast, every creeping thing, and every fowl, and whatsoever creepeth upon the earth, after their kinds, went forth out of the ark.every beast, every creeping thing, and every bird, whatsoever moveth upon the earth, after their families, went forth out of the ark. And all living things, and cattle, and creeping things that creep upon the earth, according to their kinds, went out of the ark. All the animals, all the creeping things, and all the fowl everything that moves on the earth, after their kinds, went out of the ark.every beast, every creeping thing, and every fowl, whatsoever moveth upon the earth, after their families, went forth out of the ark.Every beast, every creeping animal, and every fowl, and whatsoever creepeth upon the earth, after their kinds, went out of the ark.Every animal, every creeping thing, and every bird, whatever moves on the earth, after their families, went out of the ship.every beast, every creeping thing, and every fowl; every creeping thing on the earth, after their families, have gone out from the ark.Every beast, every creeping thing, and every fowl, and whatever creeps on the earth, after their kinds, went forth out of the ark.
Genesis 8:20 And Noah builded an altar unto the LORD; and took of every clean beast, and of every clean fowl, and offered burnt offerings on the altar. And Noah builded an altar unto Jehovah, and took of every clean beast, and of every clean bird, and offered burnt-offerings on the altar. And Noe built an altar unto the Lord: and taking of all cattle and fowls that were clean, offered holocausts upon the altar. And Noah built an altar to Jehovah; and took of every clean animal, and of all clean fowl, and offered up burnt-offerings on the altar. And Noah builded an altar unto the LORD; and took of every clean beast, and of every clean fowl, and offered burnt offerings on the altar. And Noah built an altar to the LORD, and took of every clean beast, and of every clean fowl, and offered burnt-offerings on the altar.Noah built an altar to Yahweh, and took of every clean animal, and of every clean bird, and offered burnt offerings on the altar. And Noah buildeth an altar to Jehovah, and taketh of every clean beast, and of every clean fowl, and causeth burnt-offerings to ascend on the altar; And Noah built an altar to the LORD; and took of every clean beast, and of every clean fowl, and offered burnt offerings on the altar.
Genesis 8:21 And the LORD smelled a sweet savour; and the LORD said in his heart, I will not again curse the ground any more for man's sake; for the imagination of man's heart is evil from his youth; neither will I again smite any more every thing living, as I have done. And Jehovah smelled the sweet savor; and Jehovah said in his heart, I will not again curse the ground any more for man's sake, for that the imagination of man's heart is evil from his youth; neither will I again smite any more everything living, as I have done. And the Lord smelled a sweet savour, and said: I will no more curse the earth for the sake of man: for the imagination and thought of man's heart are prone to evil from his youth: therefore I will no more destroy every living soul as I have done. And Jehovah smelled the sweet odour. And Jehovah said in his heart, I will no more henceforth curse the ground on account of Man, for the thought of Man's heart is evil from his youth; and I will no more smite every living thing, as I have done. And the LORD smelled the sweet savour; and the LORD said in his heart, I will not again curse the ground any more for man's sake, for that the imagination of man's heart is evil from his youth; neither will I again smite any more every thing living, as I have done. And the LORD smelled a sweet savor; and the LORD said in his heart, I will not again curse the ground any more for man's sake; for the imagination of man's heart is evil from his youth: neither will I again smite any more every living animal as I have done.Yahweh smelled the pleasant aroma. Yahweh said in his heart, "I will not again curse the ground any more for man's sake, because the imagination of man's heart is evil from his youth; neither will I ever again strike everything living, as I have done. And Jehovah smelleth the sweet fragrance, and Jehovah saith unto His heart, 'I continue not to disesteem any more the ground because of man, though the imagination of the heart of man is evil from his youth; and I continue not to smite any more all living, as I have done; And the LORD smelled a sweet smell; and the LORD said in his heart, I will not again curse the ground any more for man's sake; for the imagination of man's heart is evil from his youth; neither will I again smite any more every thing living, as I have done.
Genesis 8:22 While the earth remaineth, seedtime and harvest, and cold and heat, and summer and winter, and day and night shall not cease.While the earth remaineth, seedtime and harvest, and cold and heat, and summer and winter, and day and night shall not cease. All the days of the earth, seedtime and harvest, cold and heat, summer and winter, night and day, shall not cease. Henceforth, all the days of the earth, seed time and harvest, and cold and heat, and summer and winter, and day and night, shall not cease.While the earth remaineth, seedtime and harvest, and cold and heat, and summer and winter, and day and night shall not cease.While the earth remaineth, seed-time and harvest, and cold and heat, and summer and winter, and day and night shall not cease.While the earth remains, seed time and harvest, and cold and heat, and summer and winter, and day and night shall not cease." during all days of the earth, seed-time and harvest, and cold and heat, and summer and winter, and day and night, do not cease.' While the earth remains, seedtime and harvest, and cold and heat, and summer and winter, and day and night shall not cease.
Genesis 9:1 And God blessed Noah and his sons, and said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth. And God blessed Noah and his sons, and said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth. And God blessed Noe and his sons. And he said to them: Increase and multiply, and fill the earth. And God blessed Noah and his sons, and said to them, Be fruitful and multiply, and fill the earth. And God blessed Noah and his sons, and said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth. And God blessed Noah and his sons, and said to them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth.God blessed Noah and his sons, and said to them, "Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth. And God blesseth Noah, and his sons, and saith to them, 'Be fruitful, and multiply, and fill the earth; And God blessed Noah and his sons, and said to them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth.
Genesis 9:2 And the fear of you and the dread of you shall be upon every beast of the earth, and upon every fowl of the air, upon all that moveth upon the earth, and upon all the fishes of the sea; into your hand are they delivered. And the fear of you and the dread of you shall be upon every beast of the earth, and upon every bird of the heavens; With all wherewith the ground teemeth, and all the fishes of the sea, into your hand are they delivered. And let the fear and dread of you be upon all the beasts of the earth, and upon all the fowls of the air, and all that move upon the earth: all the fishes of the sea are delivered into your hand. And let the fear of you and the dread of you be upon every animal of the earth, and upon all fowl of the heavens: upon all that moveth on the ground; and upon all the fishes of the sea: into your hand are they delivered. And the fear of you and the dread of you shall be upon every beast of the earth, and upon every fowl of the air; with all wherewith the ground teemeth, and all the fishes of the sea, into your hand are they delivered. And the fear of you and the dread of you shall be upon every beast of the earth, and upon every fowl of the air, upon all that moveth on the earth, and upon all the fishes of the sea; into your hand are they delivered. The fear of you and the dread of you will be on every animal of the earth, and on every bird of the sky. Everything that the ground teems with, and all the fish of the sea are delivered into your hand. And your fear and your dread is on every beast of the earth, and on every fowl of the heavens, on all that creepeth on the ground, and on all fishes of the sea &#8212; into your hand they have been given. And the fear of you and the dread of you shall be on every beast of the earth, and on every fowl of the air, on all that moves on the earth, and on all the fishes of the sea; into your hand are they delivered.
Genesis 9:3 Every moving thing that liveth shall be meat for you; even as the green herb have I given you all things.Every moving thing that liveth shall be food for you; As the green herb have I given you all. And every thing that moveth and liveth shall be meat for you: even as the green herbs have I delivered them all to you:  Every moving thing that liveth shall be food for you: as the green herb I give you everything.Every moving thing that liveth shall be food for you; as the green herb have I given you all.Every moving thing that liveth shall be food for you; even as the green herb have I given you all things: Every moving thing that lives will be food for you. As the green herb, I have given everything to you.Every creeping thing that is alive, to you it is for food; as the green herb I have given to you the whole; Every moving thing that lives shall be meat for you; even as the green herb have I given you all things.
Genesis 9:4 But flesh with the life thereof, which is the blood thereof, shall ye not eat.But flesh with the life thereof, which is the blood thereof, shall ye not eat. Saving that flesh with blood you shall not eat. Only, the flesh with its life, its blood, ye shall not eat.But flesh with the life thereof, which is the blood thereof, shall ye not eat.But flesh with the life of it, which is its blood, shall ye not eat.But flesh with its life, its blood, you shall not eat.only flesh in its life &#8212; its blood &#8212; ye do not eat.But flesh with the life thereof, which is the blood thereof, shall you not eat.
Genesis 9:5 And surely your blood of your lives will I require; at the hand of every beast will I require it, and at the hand of man; at the hand of every man's brother will I require the life of man. And surely your blood, the blood of your lives, will I require; At the hand of every beast will I require it. And at the hand of man, even at the hand of every man's brother, will I require the life of man.For I will require the blood of your lives at the hand of every beast, and at the hand of man, at the hand of every man, and of his brother, will I require the life of man. And indeed your blood, the blood of your lives, will I require: at the hand of every animal will I require it, and at the hand of Man, at the hand of each the blood of his brother, will I require the life of Man. And surely your blood, the blood of your lives, will I require; at the hand of every beast will I require it: and at the hand of man, even at the hand of every man's brother, will I require the life of man. And surely your blood of your lives will I require: at the hand of every beast will I require it: and at the hand of man, at the hand of every man's brother will I require the life of man.I will surely require your blood of your lives. At the hand of every animal I will require it. At the hand of man, even at the hand of every man's brother, I will require the life of man.'And only your blood for your lives do I require; from the hand of every living thing I require it, and from the hand of man, from the hand of every man's brother I require the life of man; And surely your blood of your lives will I require; at the hand of every beast will I require it, and at the hand of man; at the hand of every man's brother will I require the life of man.
Genesis 9:6 Whoso sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed: for in the image of God made he man.Whoso sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed: For in the image of God made he man.Whosoever shall shed man's blood, his blood shall be shed: for man was made to the image of God. Whoso sheddeth Man's blood, by Man shall his blood be shed; for in the image of God he hath made Man.Whoso sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed: for in the image of God made he man.Whoever sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed: for in the image of God made he man.Whoever sheds man's blood, his blood will be shed by man, for God made man in his own image.whoso sheddeth man's blood, by man is his blood shed: for in the image of God hath He made man.Whoever sheds man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed: for in the image of God made he man.
Genesis 9:7 And you, be ye fruitful, and multiply; bring forth abundantly in the earth, and multiply therein. And you, be ye fruitful, and multiply; Bring forth abundantly in the earth, and multiply therein.But increase you and multiply, and go upon the earth, and fill it. And ye, be fruitful and multiply: swarm on the earth, and multiply on it. And you, be ye fruitful, and multiply; bring forth abundantly in the earth, and multiply therein. And you, be ye fruitful, and multiply, bring forth abundantly in the earth, and multiply therein.Be fruitful and multiply. Bring forth abundantly in the earth, and multiply in it." And ye, be fruitful and multiply, teem in the earth, and multiply in it.' And you, be you fruitful, and multiply; bring forth abundantly in the earth, and multiply therein.
Genesis 9:8 And God spake unto Noah, and to his sons with him, saying, And God spake unto Noah, and to his sons with him, saying, This also said God to Noe, and to his sons with him,  And God spoke to Noah, and to his sons with him, saying, And God spake unto Noah, and to his sons with him, saying, And God spoke to Noah, and to his sons with him, saying, God spoke to Noah and to his sons with him, saying, And God speaketh unto Noah, and unto his sons with him, saying, And God spoke to Noah, and to his sons with him, saying, 
Genesis 9:9 And I, behold, I establish my covenant with you, and with your seed after you; And I, behold, I establish my covenant with you, and with your seed after you; Behold I will establish my covenant with you, and with your seed after you:  And I, behold, I establish my covenant with you, and with your seed after you; And I, behold, I establish my covenant with you, and with your seed after you; And I, behold, I establish my covenant with you, and with your seed after you; "As for me, behold, I establish my covenant with you, and with your offspring after you, 'And I, lo, I am establishing My covenant with you, and with your seed after you, And I, behold, I establish my covenant with you, and with your seed after you; 
Genesis 9:10 And with every living creature that is with you, of the fowl, of the cattle, and of every beast of the earth with you; from all that go out of the ark, to every beast of the earth. And with every living creature that is with you, the birds, the cattle, and every beast of the earth with you. Of all that go out of the ark, even every beast of the earth. And with every living soul that is with you, as well in all birds as in cattle and beasts of the earth, that are come forth out of the ark, and in all the beasts of the earth. and with every living soul which is with you, fowl as well as cattle, and all the animals of the earth with you, of all that has gone out of the ark every animal of the earth. And with every living creature that is with you, the fowl, the cattle, and every beast of the earth with you; of all that go out of the ark, even every beast of the earth. And with every living creature that is with you, of the fowl, of the cattle, and of every beast of the earth with you, from all that go out of the ark, to every beast of the earth. And with every living creature that is with you: the birds, the livestock, and every animal of the earth with you, of all that go out of the ship, even every animal of the earth. And with every living creature which is with you, among fowl, among cattle, and among every beast of the earth with you, from all who are going out of the ark &#8212; to every beast of the earth. And with every living creature that is with you, of the fowl, of the cattle, and of every beast of the earth with you; from all that go out of the ark, to every beast of the earth.
Genesis 9:11 And I will establish my covenant with you; neither shall all flesh be cut off any more by the waters of a flood; neither shall there any more be a flood to destroy the earth. And I will establish my covenant with you; neither shall all flesh be cut off any more by the waters of the flood; neither shall there any more be a flood to destroy the earth.I will establish my covenant with you, and all flesh shall be no more destroyed with the waters of a flood, neither shall there be from henceforth a flood to waste the earth. And I establish my covenant with you, neither shall all flesh be cut off any more by the waters of a flood, and henceforth there shall be no flood to destroy the earth. And I will establish my covenant with you; neither shall all flesh be cut off any more by the waters of the flood; neither shall there any more be a flood to destroy the earth. And I will establish my covenant with you; neither shall all flesh be cut off any more by the waters of a flood; neither shall there any more be a flood to destroy the earth.I will establish my covenant with you: all flesh will not be cut off any more by the waters of the flood, neither will there ever again be a flood to destroy the earth." And I have established My covenant with you, and all flesh is not any more cut off by waters of a deluge, and there is not any more a deluge to destroy the earth.' And I will establish my covenant with you, neither shall all flesh be cut off any more by the waters of a flood; neither shall there any more be a flood to destroy the earth.
Genesis 9:12 And God said, This is the token of the covenant which I make between me and you and every living creature that is with you, for perpetual generations: And God said, This is the token of the covenant which I make between me and you and every living creature that is with you, for perpetual generations: And God said: This is the sign of the covenant which I will give between me and you, and to every living soul that is with you, for perpetual generations. And God said, This is the sign of the covenant that I set between me and you and every living soul that is with you, for everlasting generations: And God said, This is the token of the covenant which I make between me and you and every living creature that is with you, for perpetual generations: And God said, This is the token of the covenant which I make between me and you and every living creature that is with you, for perpetual generations.God said, "This is the token of the covenant which I make between me and you and every living creature that is with you, for perpetual generations: And God saith, 'This is a token of the covenant which I am giving between Me and you, and every living creature that is with you, to generations age-during; And God said, This is the token of the covenant which I make between me and you and every living creature that is with you, for perpetual generations: 
Genesis 9:13 I do set my bow in the cloud, and it shall be for a token of a covenant between me and the earth.I do set my bow in the cloud, and it shall be for a token of a covenant between me and the earth.I will set my bow in the clouds, and it shall be the sign of a covenant between me, and between the earth. I set my bow in the clouds, and it shall be for a sign of the covenant between me and the earth.I do set my bow in the cloud, and it shall be for a token of a covenant between me and the earth.I do set my bow in the cloud, and it shall be for a token of a covenant between me and the earth.I set my rainbow in the cloud, and it will be for a sign of a covenant between me and the earth.My bow I have given in the cloud, and it hath been for a token of a covenant between Me and the earth; I do set my bow in the cloud, and it shall be for a token of a covenant between me and the earth.
Genesis 9:14 And it shall come to pass, when I bring a cloud over the earth, that the bow shall be seen in the cloud: And it shall come to pass, when I bring a cloud over the earth, that the bow shall be seen in the cloud, And when I shall cover the sky with clouds, my bow shall appear in the clouds:  And it shall come to pass when I bring clouds over the earth, that the bow shall be seen in the cloud, And it shall come to pass, when I bring a cloud over the earth, that the bow shall be seen in the cloud, And it shall come to pass, when I bring a cloud over the earth, that the bow shall be seen in the cloud: It will happen, when I bring a cloud over the earth, that the rainbow will be seen in the cloud, and it hath come to pass (in My sending a cloud over the earth) that the bow hath been seen in the cloud, And it shall come to pass, when I bring a cloud over the earth, that the bow shall be seen in the cloud: 
Genesis 9:15 And I will remember my covenant, which is between me and you and every living creature of all flesh; and the waters shall no more become a flood to destroy all flesh. And I will remember my covenant, which is between me and you and every living creature of all flesh; and the waters shall no more become a flood to destroy all flesh. And I will remember my covenant with you, and with every living soul that beareth flesh: and there shall no more be waters of a flood to destroy all flesh. and I will remember my covenant which is between me and you and every living soul of all flesh; and the waters shall not henceforth become a flood to destroy all flesh. And I will remember my covenant, which is between me and you and every living creature of all flesh; and the waters shall no more become a flood to destroy all flesh. And I will remember my covenant, which is between me and you and every living creature of all flesh; and the waters shall no more become a flood to destroy all flesh. And I will remember my covenant, which is between me and you and every living creature of all flesh, and the waters will no more become a flood to destroy all flesh. And I have remembered My covenant which is between Me and you, and every living creature among all flesh, and the waters become no more a deluge to destroy all flesh; And I will remember my covenant, which is between me and you and every living creature of all flesh; and the waters shall no more become a flood to destroy all flesh.
Genesis 9:16 And the bow shall be in the cloud; and I will look upon it, that I may remember the everlasting covenant between God and every living creature of all flesh that is upon the earth. And the bow shall be in the cloud; and I will look upon it, that I may remember the everlasting covenant between God and every living creature of all flesh that is upon the earth. And the bow shall be in the clouds, and I shall see it, and shall remember the everlasting covenant, that was made between God and every living soul of all flesh which is upon the earth. And the bow shall be in the cloud; and I will look upon it, that I may remember the everlasting covenant between God and every living soul of all flesh that is upon the earth. And the bow shall be in the cloud; and I will look upon it, that I may remember the everlasting covenant between God and every living creature of all flesh that is upon the earth. And the bow shall be in the cloud; and I will look upon it, that I may remember the everlasting covenant between God and every living creature of all flesh that is upon the earth. The rainbow will be in the cloud. I will look at it, that I may remember the everlasting covenant between God and every living creature of all flesh that is on the earth." and the bow hath been in the cloud, and I have seen it &#8212; to remember the covenant age-during between God and every living creature among all flesh which is on the earth.' And the bow shall be in the cloud; and I will look on it, that I may remember the everlasting covenant between God and every living creature of all flesh that is on the earth.
Genesis 9:17 And God said unto Noah, This is the token of the covenant, which I have established between me and all flesh that is upon the earth. And God said unto Noah, This is the token of the covenant which I have established between me and all flesh that is upon the earth. And God said to Noe: This shall be the sign of the covenant which I have established between me and all flesh upon the earth. And God said to Noah, This is the sign of the covenant which I have established between me and all flesh that is upon the earth. And God said unto Noah, This is the token of the covenant which I have established between me and all flesh that is upon the earth. And God said to Noah, This is the token of the covenant which I have established between me and all flesh that is upon the earth.God said to Noah, "This is the token of the covenant which I have established between me and all flesh that is on the earth." And God saith unto Noah, 'This is a token of the covenant which I have established between Me and all flesh that is upon the earth.' And God said to Noah, This is the token of the covenant, which I have established between me and all flesh that is on the earth.
Genesis 9:18 And the sons of Noah, that went forth of the ark, were Shem, and Ham, and Japheth: and Ham is the father of Canaan. And the sons of Noah, that went forth from the ark, were Shem, and Ham, and Japheth: and Ham is the father of Canaan. And the sons of Noe who came out of the ark, were Sem, Cham, and Japheth: and Cham is the father of Chanaan. And the sons of Noah who went out of the ark were Shem, and Ham, and Japheth. And Ham is the father of Canaan. And the sons of Noah, that went forth of the ark, were Shem, and Ham, and Japheth: and Ham is the father of Canaan. And the sons of Noah that went forth from the ark, were Shem, and Ham, and Japheth: and Ham was the father of Canaan. The sons of Noah who went forth from the ship were Shem, Ham, and Japheth. Ham is the father of Canaan. And the sons of Noah who are going out of the ark are Shem, and Ham, and Japheth; and Ham is father of Canaan. And the sons of Noah, that went forth of the ark, were Shem, and Ham, and Japheth: and Ham is the father of Canaan.
Genesis 9:19 These are the three sons of Noah: and of them was the whole earth overspread. These three were the sons of Noah: and of these was the whole earth overspread. These three are the sons of Noe: and from these was all mankind spread over the whole earth. These three are the sons of Noah; and from these was the population of the whole earth spread abroad. These three were the sons of Noah: and of these was the whole earth overspread. These three were the sons of Noah: and from them was the whole earth overspread. These three were the sons of Noah, and from these, the whole earth was populated. These three are sons of Noah, and from these hath all the earth been overspread. These are the three sons of Noah: and of them was the whole earth covered.
Genesis 9:20 And Noah began to be an husbandman, and he planted a vineyard: And Noah began to be a husbandman, and planted a vineyard: And Noe, a husbandman, began to till the ground, and planted a vineyard. And Noah began to be a husbandman, and planted a vineyard. And Noah began to be an husbandman, and planted a vineyard: And Noah began to be a husbandman, and he planted a vineyard: Noah began to be a farmer, and planted a vineyard. And Noah remaineth a man of the ground, and planteth a vineyard, And Noah began to be an farmer, and he planted a vineyard: 
Genesis 9:21 And he drank of the wine, and was drunken; and he was uncovered within his tent. And he drank of the wine, and was drunken. And he was uncovered within his tent. And drinking of the wine was made drunk, and was uncovered in his tent. And he drank of the wine, and was drunken, and he uncovered himself in his tent. And he drank of the wine, and was drunken; and he was uncovered within his tent. And he drank the wine, and was drunken, and he was uncovered within his tent.He drank of the wine and got drunk. He was uncovered within his tent. And drinketh of the wine, and is drunken, and uncovereth himself in the midst of the tent. And he drank of the wine, and was drunken; and he was uncovered within his tent.
Genesis 9:22 And Ham, the father of Canaan, saw the nakedness of his father, and told his two brethren without. And Ham, the father of Canaan, saw the nakedness of his father, and told his two brethren without.Which when Cham the father of Chaanan had seen, to wit, that his father's nakedness was uncovered, he told it to his two brethren without. And Ham the father of Canaan saw the nakedness of his father, and told his two brethren outside. And Ham, the father of Canaan, saw the nakedness of his father, and told his two brethren without. And Ham, the father of Canaan, saw the nakedness of his father, and told his two brethren without.Ham, the father of Canaan, saw the nakedness of his father, and told his two brothers outside. And Ham, father of Canaan, seeth the nakedness of his father, and declareth to his two brethren without. And Ham, the father of Canaan, saw the nakedness of his father, and told his two brothers without.
Genesis 9:23 And Shem and Japheth took a garment, and laid it upon both their shoulders, and went backward, and covered the nakedness of their father; and their faces were backward, and they saw not their father's nakedness. And Shem and Japheth took a garment, and laid it upon both their shoulders, and went backward, and covered the nakedness of their father. And their faces were backward, and they saw not their father's nakedness.But Sem and Japheth put a cloak upon their shoulders, and going backward, covered the nakedness of their father: and their faces were turned away, and they saw not their father's nakedness. And Shem and Japheth took the upper garment and both laid it upon their shoulders, and went backwards, and covered the nakedness of their father. And their faces were turned away, that they saw not their father's nakedness. And Shem and Japheth took a garment, and laid it upon both their shoulders, and went backward, and covered the nakedness of their father; and their faces were backward, and they saw not their father's nakedness. And Shem and Japheth took a garment, and laid it upon both their shoulders, and went backward, and covered the nakedness of their father: and their faces were backward, and they saw not their father's nakedness. Shem and Japheth took a garment, and laid it on both their shoulders, went in backwards, and covered the nakedness of their father. Their faces were backwards, and they didn't see their father's nakedness. And Shem taketh &#8212; Japheth also &#8212; the garment, and they place on the shoulder of them both, and go backward, and cover the nakedness of their father; and their faces are backward, and their father's nakedness they have not seen. And Shem and Japheth took a garment, and laid it on both their shoulders, and went backward, and covered the nakedness of their father; and their faces were backward, and they saw not their father's nakedness.
Genesis 9:24 And Noah awoke from his wine, and knew what his younger son had done unto him. And Noah awoke from his wine, and knew what his youngest son had done unto him. And Noe awaking from the wine, when he had learned what his younger son had done to him,  And Noah awoke from his wine, and learned what his youngest son had done to him. And Noah awoke from his wine, and knew what his youngest son had done unto him. And Noah awoke from his wine, and knew what his younger son had done to him.Noah awoke from his wine, and knew what his youngest son had done to him. And Noah awaketh from his wine, and knoweth that which his young son hath done to him, And Noah awoke from his wine, and knew what his younger son had done to him.
Genesis 9:25 And he said, Cursed be Canaan; a servant of servants shall he be unto his brethren. And he said, Cursed be Canaan; A servant of servants shall he be unto his brethren.He said: Cursed be Chaanan, a servant of servants, shall he be unto his brethren. And he said, Cursed be Canaan; Let him be a bondman of bondmen to his brethren. And he said, Cursed be Canaan; A servant of servants shall he be unto his brethren. And he said, Cursed be Canaan, a servant of servants shall he be to his brethren.He said, "Canaan is cursed. He will be servant of servants to his brothers." and saith: 'Cursed is Canaan, Servant of servants he is to his brethren.' And he said, Cursed be Canaan; a servant of servants shall he be to his brothers.
Genesis 9:26 And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of Shem; and Canaan shall be his servant. And he said, Blessed be Jehovah, the God of Shem; And let Canaan be his servant. And he said: Blessed be the Lord God of Sem, be Chanaan his servant. And he said, Blessed be Jehovah, the God of Shem, And let Canaan be his bondman. And he said, Blessed be the LORD, the God of Shem; And let Canaan be his servant. And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of Shem; and Canaan shall be his servant.He said, "Blessed be Yahweh, the God of Shem. Let Canaan be his servant. And he saith: 'Blessed of Jehovah my God is Shem, And Canaan is servant to him. And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of Shem; and Canaan shall be his servant.
Genesis 9:27 God shall enlarge Japheth, and he shall dwell in the tents of Shem; and Canaan shall be his servant.God enlarge Japheth, And let him dwell in the tents of Shem; And let Canaan be his servant.May God enlarge Japheth, and may he dwell in the tents of Sem, and Chanaan be his servant. Let God enlarge Japheth, and let him dwell in the tents of Shem, And let Canaan be his bondman.God enlarge Japheth, And let him dwell in the tents of Shem; And let Canaan be his servant.God shall enlarge Japheth, and he shall dwell in the tents of Shem; and Canaan shall be his servant.May God enlarge Japheth. Let him dwell in the tents of Shem. Let Canaan be his servant." God doth give beauty to Japheth, And he dwelleth in tents of Shem, And Canaan is servant to him.' God shall enlarge Japheth, and he shall dwell in the tents of Shem; and Canaan shall be his servant.
Genesis 9:28 And Noah lived after the flood three hundred and fifty years. And Noah lived after the flood three hundred and fifty years. And Noe lived after the flood three hundred and fifty years:  And Noah lived after the flood three hundred and fifty years. And Noah lived after the flood three hundred and fifty years. And Noah lived after the flood three hundred and fifty years.Noah lived three hundred fifty years after the flood. And Noah liveth after the deluge three hundred and fifty years; And Noah lived after the flood three hundred and fifty years.
Genesis 9:29 And all the days of Noah were nine hundred and fifty years: and he died. And all the days of Noah were nine hundred and fifty years: And he died. And all his days were in the whole nine hundred and fifty years: and he died. And all the days of Noah were nine hundred and fifty years; and he died. And all the days of Noah were nine hundred and fifty years: and he died. And all the days of Noah were nine hundred and fifty years: and he died. All the days of Noah were nine hundred fifty years, then he died. And all the days of Noah are nine hundred and fifty years, and he dieth. And all the days of Noah were nine hundred and fifty years: and he died.
Genesis 10:1 Now these are the generations of the sons of Noah, Shem, Ham, and Japheth: and unto them were sons born after the flood.Now these are the generations of the sons of Noah, namely , of Shem, Ham, and Japheth: and unto them were sons born after the flood. These are the generations of the sons of Noe: Sem, Cham, and Japheth: and unto them sons were born after the flood. And these are the generations of the sons of Noah: Shem, Ham, and Japheth; and to them were sons born after the flood.Now these are the generations of the sons of Noah, Shem Ham and Japheth: and unto them were sons born after the flood.Now these are the generations of the sons of Noah; Shem, Ham, and Japheth: and to them were sons born after the flood.Now this is the history of the generations of the sons of Noah and of Shem, Ham, and Japheth. Sons were born to them after the flood. And these are births of the sons of Noah, Shem, Ham, and Japheth; and born to them are sons after the deluge.Now these are the generations of the sons of Noah, Shem, Ham, and Japheth: and to them were sons born after the flood.
Genesis 10:2 The sons of Japheth; Gomer, and Magog, and Madai, and Javan, and Tubal, and Meshech, and Tiras. The sons of Japheth: Gomer, and Magog, and Madai, and Javan, and Tubal, and Meshech, and Tiras. The sons of Japheth: Gomer, and Magog, and Madai, and Javan, and Thubal, and Mosoch, and Thiras. The sons of Japheth: Gomer, and Magog, and Madai, and Javan, and Tubal, and Meshech, and Tiras. The sons of Japheth; Gomer, and Magog, and Madai, and Javan, and Tubal, and Meshech, and Tiras. The sons of Japheth; Gomer, and Magog, and Madai, and Javan, and Tubal, and Meshech, and Tiras. The sons of Japheth: Gomer, Magog, Madai, Javan, Tubal, Meshech, and Tiras. Sons of Japheth are Gomer, and Magog, and Madai, and Javan, and Tubal, and Meshech, and Tiras. The sons of Japheth; Gomer, and Magog, and Madai, and Javan, and Tubal, and Meshech, and Tiras.
Genesis 10:3 And the sons of Gomer; Ashkenaz, and Riphath, and Togarmah. And the sons of Gomer: Ashkenaz, and Riphath, and Togarmah. And the sons of Gomer: Ascenez and Riphath and Thogorma. And the sons of Gomer: Ashkenaz, and Riphath, and Togarmah. And the sons of Gomer; Ashkenaz, and Riphath, and Togarmah. And the sons of Gomer; Ashkenaz, and Riphath, and Togarmah. The sons of Gomer: Ashkenaz, Riphath, and Togarmah. And sons of Gomer are Ashkenaz, and Riphath, and Togarmah. And the sons of Gomer; Ashkenaz, and Riphath, and Togarmah.
Genesis 10:4 And the sons of Javan; Elishah, and Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim. And the sons of Javan: Elishah, and Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim. And the sons of Javan: Elisa and Tharsis, Cetthim, and Dodanim. And the sons of Javan: Elishah, and Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim. And the sons of Javan; Elishah, and Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim. And the sons of Javan; Elishah, and Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim. The sons of Javan: Elishah, Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim. And sons of Javan are Elishah, and Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim. And the sons of Javan; Elishah, and Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim.
Genesis 10:5 By these were the isles of the Gentiles divided in their lands; every one after his tongue, after their families, in their nations.Of these were the isles of the nations divided in their lands, every one after his tongue, after their families, in their nations.By these were divided the islands of the Gentiles in their lands, every one according to his tongue and their families in their nations. From these came the distribution of the isles of the nations, according to their lands, every one after his tongue, after their families, in their nations.Of these were the isles of the nations divided in their lands, every one after his tongue; after their families, in their nations.By these were the isles of the Gentiles divided in their lands; every one after his tongue, after their families, in their nations.Of these were the islands of the nations divided in their lands, everyone after his language, after their families, in their nations.By these have the isles of the nations been parted in their lands, each by his tongue, by their families, in their nations.By these were the isles of the Gentiles divided in their lands; every one after his tongue, after their families, in their nations.
Genesis 10:6 And the sons of Ham; Cush, and Mizraim, and Phut, and Canaan. And the sons of Ham: Cush, and Mizraim, and Put, and Canaan. And the sons of Cham: Chus, and Mesram, and Phuth, and Chanaan. And the sons of Ham: Cush, and Mizraim, and Phut, and Canaan. And the sons of Ham; Cush, and Mizraim, and Put, and Canaan. And the sons of Ham; Cush, and Mizraim, and Phut, and Canaan. The sons of Ham: Cush, Mizraim, Put, and Canaan. And sons of Ham are Cush, and Mitzraim, and Phut, and Canaan. And the sons of Ham; Cush, and Mizraim, and Phut, and Canaan.
Genesis 10:7 And the sons of Cush; Seba, and Havilah, and Sabtah, and Raamah, and Sabtecha: and the sons of Raamah; Sheba, and Dedan. And the sons of Cush: Seba, and Havilah, and Sabtah, and Raamah, and Sabteca; and the sons of Raamah: Sheba, and Dedan. And the sons of Chus: Saba and Hevila, and Sabatha, and Regma, and Sabatacha. The sons of Regma: Saba and Dadan. And the sons of Cush: Seba, and Havilah, and Sabtah, and Raamah, and Sabtecha. And the sons of Raamah: Sheba and Dedan. And the sons of Cush; Seba, and Havilah, and Sabtah, and Raamah, and Sabteca: and the sons of Raamah; Sheba, and Dedan. And the sons of Cush; Seba, and Havilah, and Sabtah, and Raamah, and Sabtecha; and the sons of Raamah, Sheba, and Dedan. The sons of Cush: Seba, Havilah, Sabtah, Raamah, and Sabteca. The sons of Raamah: Sheba and Dedan. And sons of Cush are Seba, and Havilah, and Sabtah, and Raamah, and Sabtechah; and sons of Raamah are Sheba and Dedan. And the sons of Cush; Seba, and Havilah, and Sabtah, and Raamah, and Sabtechah: and the sons of Raamah; Sheba, and Dedan.
Genesis 10:8 And Cush begat Nimrod: he began to be a mighty one in the earth. And Cush begat Nimrod: he began to be a mighty one in the earth.Now Chus begot Nemrod: he began to be mighty on earth. And Cush begot Nimrod: he began to be mighty on the earth. And Cush begat Nimrod: he began to be a mighty one in the earth. And Cush begat Nimrod: he began to be a mighty one in the earth.Cush became the father of Nimrod. He began to be a mighty one in the earth. And Cush hath begotten Nimrod; And Cush begat Nimrod: he began to be a mighty one in the earth.
Genesis 10:9 He was a mighty hunter before the LORD: wherefore it is said, Even as Nimrod the mighty hunter before the LORD.He was a mighty hunter before Jehovah: wherefore it is said, Like Nimrod a mighty hunter before Jehovah. And he was a stout hunter before the Lord. Hence came a proverb: Even as Nemrod the stout hunter before the Lord. He was a mighty hunter before Jehovah; therefore it is said, As Nimrod, the mighty hunter before Jehovah! He was a mighty hunter before the LORD: wherefore it is said, Like Nimrod a mighty hunter before the LORD.He was a mighty hunter before the LORD: wherefore it is said, Even as Nimrod the mighty hunter before the LORD.He was a mighty hunter before Yahweh. Therefore it is said, "Like Nimrod, a mighty hunter before Yahweh." he hath begun to be a hero in the land; he hath been a hero in hunting before Jehovah; therefore it is said, 'As Nimrod the hero in hunting before Jehovah.' He was a mighty hunter before the LORD: why it is said, Even as Nimrod the mighty hunter before the LORD.
Genesis 10:10 And the beginning of his kingdom was Babel, and Erech, and Accad, and Calneh, in the land of Shinar. And the beginning of his kingdom was Babel, and Erech, and Accad, and Calneh, in the land of Shinar. And the beginning of his kingdom was Babylon, and Arach, and Achad, and Chalanne in the land of Sennaar. And the beginning of his kingdom was Babel, and Erech, and Accad, and Calneh, in the land of Shinar. And the beginning of his kingdom was Babel, and Erech, and Accad, and Calneh, in the land of Shinar. And the beginning of his kingdom was Babel, and Erech, and Accad, and Calneh, in the land of Shinar. The beginning of his kingdom was Babel, Erech, Accad, and Calneh, in the land of Shinar. And the first part of his kingdom is Babel, and Erech, and Accad, and Calneh, in the land of Shinar; And the beginning of his kingdom was Babel, and Erech, and Accad, and Calneh, in the land of Shinar.
Genesis 10:11 Out of that land went forth Asshur, and builded Nineveh, and the city Rehoboth, and Calah, Out of that land he went forth into Assyria, and builded Nineveh, and Rehoboth-ir, and Calah, Out of that land came forth Assur, and built Ninive, and the streets of the city, and Chale. From that land went out Asshur, and built Nineveh, and Rehoboth-Ir, and Calah, Out of that land he went forth into Assyria, and builded Nineveh, and Rehoboth-Ir, and Calah, Out of that land went forth Ashur, and built Nineveh, and the city Rehoboth, and Calah, Out of that land he went forth into Assyria, and built Nineveh, Rehoboth Ir, Calah, from that land he hath gone out to Asshur, and buildeth Nineveh, even the broad places of the city, and Calah, Out of that land went forth Asshur, and built Nineveh, and the city Rehoboth, and Calah, 
Genesis 10:12 And Resen between Nineveh and Calah: the same is a great city. And Resen between Nineveh and Calah (the same is the great city).Resen also between Ninive and Chale: this is the great city. and Resen, between Nineveh and Calah: this is the great city. And Resen between Nineveh and Calah (the same is the great city). And Resen between Nineveh and Calah: the same is a great city. And Resen between Nineveh and Calah (the same is the great city). And Resen, between Nineveh and Calah; it is the great city. And Resen between Nineveh and Calah: the same is a great city.
Genesis 10:13 And Mizraim begat Ludim, and Anamim, and Lehabim, and Naphtuhim, And Mizraim begat Ludim, and Anamim, and Lehabim, and Naphtuhim, And Mesraim begot Ludim, and Anamim, and Laabim, Nepthuim,  And Mizraim begot the Ludim, and the Anamim, and the Lehabim, and the Naphtuhim, And Mizraim begat Ludim, and Anamim, and Lehabim, and Naphtuhim, And Mizraim begat Ludim, and Anamim, and Lehabim, and Naphtuhim.Mizraim became the father of Ludim, Anamim, Lehabim, Naphtuhim, And Mitzraim hath begotten the Ludim, and the Anamim, and the Lehabim, and the Naphtuhim, And Mizraim begat Ludim, and Anamim, and Lehabim, and Naphtuhim, 
Genesis 10:14 And Pathrusim, and Casluhim, (out of whom came Philistim,) and Caphtorim. And Pathrusim, and Casluhim (whence went forth the Philistines), and Caphtorim. And Phetrusim, and Chasluim; of whom came forth the Philistines, and the Capthorim. and the Pathrusim, and the Casluhim, out of whom came the Philistines, and the Caphtorim. And Pathrusim, and Casluhim (whence went forth the Philistines), and Caphtorim. And Pathrusim, and Casluhim, (out of whom came Philistim,) and Caphtorim.Pathrusim, Casluhim (which the Philistines descended from), and Caphtorim. And the Pathrusim, and the Casluhim, (whence have come out Philistim,) and the Caphtorim. And Pathrusim, and Casluhim, (out of whom came Philistim,) and Caphtorim.
Genesis 10:15 And Canaan begat Sidon his firstborn, and Heth, And Canaan begat Sidon his first-born, and Heth, And Chanaan begot Sidon, his firstborn, the Hethite,  And Canaan begot Sidon, his firstborn, and Heth, And Canaan begat Zidon his firstborn, and Heth; And Canaan begat Sidon his first-born, and Heth, Canaan became the father of Sidon (his firstborn), Heth, And Canaan hath begotten Sidon his first-born, and Heth, And Canaan begat Sidon his first born, and Heth, 
Genesis 10:16 And the Jebusite, and the Amorite, and the Girgasite, and the Jebusite, and the Amorite, and the Girgashite, And the Jebusite, and the Amorrhite, and the Gergesite,  and the Jebusite, and the Amorite, and the Girgashite, and the Jebusite, and the Amorite, and the Girgashite; And the Jebusite, and the Emorite, and the Girgasite, the Jebusite, the Amorite, the Girgashite, and the Jebusite, and the Amorite, and the Girgashite, And the Jebusite, and the Amorite, and the Girgasite, 
Genesis 10:17 And the Hivite, and the Arkite, and the Sinite, and the Hivite, and the Arkite, and the Sinite, The Hevite and the Aracite: the Sinite,  and the Hivite, and the Arkite, and the Sinite, and the Hivite, and the Arkite, and the Sinite; And the Hivite, and the Arkite, and the Sinite, the Hivite, the Arkite, the Sinite, and the Hivite, and the Arkite, and the Sinite, And the Hivite, and the Arkite, and the Sinite, 
Genesis 10:18 And the Arvadite, and the Zemarite, and the Hamathite: and afterward were the families of the Canaanites spread abroad. And the Arvadite, and the Zemarite, and the Hamathite: and afterward were the families of the Canaanite spread abroad. And the Aradian, the Samarite, and the Hamathite: and afterwards the families of the Chanaanites were spread abroad. and the Arvadite, and the Zemarite, and the Hamathite. And afterwards the families of the Canaanites spread themselves abroad. And the Arvadite, and the Zemarite, and the Hamathite: and afterward were the families of the Canaanite spread abroad. And the Arvadite, and the Zemarite, and the Hamathite: and afterward were the families of the Canaanites dispersed. The Arvadite, the Zemarite, and the Hamathite. Afterward the families of the Canaanites were spread abroad. And the Arvadite, and the Zemarite, and the Hamathite; and afterwards have the families of the Canaanite been scattered. And the Arvadite, and the Zemarite, and the Hamathite: and afterward were the families of the Canaanites spread abroad.
Genesis 10:19 And the border of the Canaanites was from Sidon, as thou comest to Gerar, unto Gaza; as thou goest, unto Sodom, and Gomorrah, and Admah, and Zeboim, even unto Lasha. And the border of the Canaanite was from Sidon, as thou goest toward Gerar, unto Gaza; as thou goest toward Sodom and Gomorrah and Admah and Zeboiim, unto Lasha. And the limits of Chanaan were from Sidon as one comes to Gerara even to Gaza, until thou enter Sodom and Gomorrha, and Adama, and Seboim even to Lesa. And the border of the Canaanite was from Sidon, as one goes to Gerar, up to Gazah; as one goes to Sodom, and Gomorrah, and Admah, and Zeboim, up to Lesha. And the border of the Canaanite was from Zidon, as thou goest toward Gerar, unto Gaza; as thou goest toward Sodom and Gomorrah and Admah and Zeboiim, unto Lasha. And the border of the Canaanites was from Sidon, as thou comest to Gerar, to Gaza; as thou goest to Sodom and Gomorrah, and Admah, and Zeboim, even to Lashah. The border of the Canaanites was from Sidon, as you go toward Gerar, to Gaza; as you go toward Sodom, Gomorrah, Admah, and Zeboiim, to Lasha. And the border of the Canaanite is from Sidon, in thy coming towards Gerar, unto Gaza; in thy coming towards Sodom, and Gomorrah, and Admah, and Zeboim, unto Lasha. And the border of the Canaanites was from Sidon, as you come to Gerar, to Gaza; as you go, to Sodom, and Gomorrah, and Admah, and Zeboim, even to Lasha.
Genesis 10:20 These are the sons of Ham, after their families, after their tongues, in their countries, and in their nations. These are the sons of Ham, after their families, after their tongues, in their lands, in their nations. These are the children of Cham in their kindreds, and tongues, and generations, and lands, and nations. These are the sons of Ham, after their families, after their tongues, in their lands, in their nations. These are the sons of Ham, after their families, after their tongues, in their lands, in their nations. These are the sons of Ham, after their families, after their tongues, in their countries, and in their nations. These are the sons of Ham, after their families, after their languages, in their lands, in their nations. These are sons of Ham, by their families, by their tongues, in their lands, in their nations. These are the sons of Ham, after their families, after their tongues, in their countries, and in their nations.
Genesis 10:21 Unto Shem also, the father of all the children of Eber, the brother of Japheth the elder, even to him were children born. And unto Shem, the father of all the children of Eber, the elder brother of Japheth, to him also were children born.Of Sem also, the father of all children of Heber, the elder brother of Japheth, sons were born. And to Shem to him also were sons born; he is the father of all the sons of Eber, the brother of Japheth the elder. And unto Shem, the father of all the children of Eber, the elder brother of Japheth, to him also were children born. To Shem also, the father of all the children of Eber, the brother of Japheth the elder, even to him were children born. To Shem, the father of all the children of Eber, the elder brother of Japheth, to him also were children born. As to Shem, father of all sons of Eber, brother of Japheth the elder, he hath also begotten: To Shem also, the father of all the children of Eber, the brother of Japheth the elder, even to him were children born.
Genesis 10:22 The children of Shem; Elam, and Asshur, and Arphaxad, and Lud, and Aram. The sons of Shem: Elam, and Asshur, and Arpachshad, and Lud, and Aram. The sons of Sem: Elam and Assur, and Arphaxad, and Lud, and Aram. The sons of Shem: Elam, and Asshur, and Arphaxad, and Lud, and Aram. The sons of Shem; Elam, and Asshur, and Arpachshad, and Lud, and Aram. The children of Shem; Elam, and Ashur, and Arphaxad, and Lud, and Aram. The sons of Shem: Elam, Asshur, Arpachshad, Lud, and Aram. Sons of Shem are Elam, and Asshur, and Arphaxad, and Lud, and Aram. The children of Shem; Elam, and Asshur, and Arphaxad, and Lud, and Aram.
Genesis 10:23 And the children of Aram; Uz, and Hul, and Gether, and Mash. And the sons of Aram: Uz, and Hul, and Gether, and Mash. The sons of Aram: Us and Hull, and Gether: and Mess. And the sons of Aram: Uz, and Hul, and Gether, and Mash. And the sons of Aram; Uz, and Hul, and Gether, and Mash. And the children of Aram; Uz, and Hul, and Gether, and Mash. The sons of Aram: Uz, Hul, Gether, and Mash. And sons of Aram are Uz, and Hul, and Gether, and Mash. And the children of Aram; Uz, and Hul, and Gether, and Mash.
Genesis 10:24 And Arphaxad begat Salah; and Salah begat Eber. And Arpachshad begat Shelah; and Shelah begat Eber.But Arphaxad begot Sale, of whom was born Heber. And Arphaxad begot Shelah; and Shelah begot Eber. And Arpachshad begat Shelah; and Shelah begat Eber. And Arphaxad begat Salah; and Salah begat Eber. Arpachshad became the father of Shelah. Shelah became the father of Eber. And Arphaxad hath begotten Salah, and Salah hath begotten Eber. And Arphaxad begat Salah; and Salah begat Eber.
Genesis 10:25 And unto Eber were born two sons: the name of one was Peleg; for in his days was the earth divided; and his brother's name was Joktan. And unto Eber were born two sons: The name of the one was Peleg. For in his days was the earth divided. And his brother's name was Joktan. And to Heber were born two sons: the name of the one was Phaleg, because in his days the earth was divided: and his brother's name Jectan. And to Eber were born two sons: the name of the one was Peleg, for in his days was the earth divided; and his brother's name was Joktan. And unto Eber were born two sons: the name of the one was Peleg; for in his days was the earth divided; and his brother's name was Joktan. And to Eber were born two sons: the name of one was Peleg, for in his days was the earth divided; and his brother's name was Joktan. To Eber were born two sons. The name of the one was Peleg, for in his days the earth was divided. His brother's name was Joktan. And to Eber have two sons been born; the name of the one is Peleg (for in his days hath the earth been divided,) and his brother's name is Joktan. And to Eber were born two sons: the name of one was Peleg; for in his days was the earth divided; and his brother's name was Joktan.
Genesis 10:26 And Joktan begat Almodad, and Sheleph, and Hazarmaveth, and Jerah, And Joktan begat Almodad, and Sheleph, and Hazarmaveth, and Jerah, Which Jectan begot Elmodad, and Saleph, and Asarmoth, Jare,  And Joktan begot Almodad, and Sheleph, and Hazarmaveth, and Jerah, And Joktan begat Almodad, and Sheleph, and Hazarmaveth, and Jerah; And Joktan begat Almodad, and Sheleph, and Hazarmaveth, and Jerah, Joktan became the father of Almodad, Sheleph, Hazarmaveth, Jerah, And Joktan hath begotten Almodad, and Sheleph, and Hazarmaveth, and Jerah, And Joktan begat Almodad, and Sheleph, and Hazarmaveth, and Jerah, 
Genesis 10:27 And Hadoram, and Uzal, and Diklah, and Hadoram, and Uzal, and Diklah, And Anduram, and Uzal, and Decla,  and Hadoram, and Uzal, and Diklah, and Hadoram, and Uzal, and Diklah; And Hadoram, and Uzal, and Diklah.Hadoram, Uzal, Diklah, and Hadoram, and Uzal, and Diklah, And Hadoram, and Uzal, and Diklah, 
Genesis 10:28 And Obal, and Abimael, and Sheba, and Obal, and Abimael, and Sheba, And Ebal, and Abimael, Saba,  and Obal, and Abimael, and Sheba, and Obal, and Abimael, and Sheba; And Obal, and Abimael, and Sheba, Obal, Abimael, Sheba, and Obal, and Abimael, and Sheba, And Obal, and Abimael, and Sheba, 
Genesis 10:29 And Ophir, and Havilah, and Jobab: all these were the sons of Joktan. And Ophir, and Havilah, and Jobab: all these were the sons of Joktan. And Ophir, and Hevila, and Jobab. and Ophir, and Havilah, and Jobab: all these were sons of Joktan. And Ophir, and Havilah, and Jobab: all these were the sons of Joktan. And Ophir, and Havilah, and Jobab: all these were the sons of Joktan.Ophir, Havilah, and Jobab. All these were the sons of Joktan. And Ophir, and Havilah, and Jobab; all these are sons of Joktan; And Ophir, and Havilah, and Jobab: all these were the sons of Joktan.
Genesis 10:30 And their dwelling was from Mesha, as thou goest unto Sephar a mount of the east. And their dwelling was from Mesha, as thou goest toward Sephar, the mountain of the east. And their dwelling was from Messa as we go on as far as Sephar, a mountain in the east. And their dwelling was from Mesha, as one goes to Sephar, the eastern mountain. And their dwelling was from Mesha, as thou goest toward Sephar, the mountain of the east. And their dwelling was from Mesha, as thou goest to Sephar, a mount of the east. Their dwelling was from Mesha, as you go toward Sephar, the mountain of the east. And their dwelling is from Mesha, in thy coming towards Sephar, a mount of the east. And their dwelling was from Mesha, as you go to Sephar a mount of the east.
Genesis 10:31 These are the sons of Shem, after their families, after their tongues, in their lands, after their nations. These are the sons of Shem, after their families, after their tongues, in their lands, after their nations. These are the children of Sem according to their kindreds and tongues, and countries in their nations. These are the sons of Shem, after their families, after their tongues, in their lands, after their nations. These are the sons of Shem, after their families, after their tongues, in their lands, after their nations. These are the sons of Shem, after their families, after their tongues, in their lands, after their nations. These are the sons of Shem, after their families, after their languages, in their lands, after their nations. These are sons of Shem, by their families, by their tongues, in their lands, by their nations. These are the sons of Shem, after their families, after their tongues, in their lands, after their nations.
Genesis 10:32 These are the families of the sons of Noah, after their generations, in their nations: and by these were the nations divided in the earth after the flood. These are the families of the sons of Noah, after their generations, in their nations: and of these were the nations divided in the earth after the flood. These are the families of Noe, according to their peoples and nations. By these were the nations divided on the earth after the flood. These are the families of the sons of Noah, after their generations, in their nations. And from these came the distribution of the nations on the earth after the flood. These are the families of the sons of Noah, after their generations, in their nations: and of these were the nations divided in the earth after the flood. These are the families of the sons of Noah after their generations, in their nations: and by these were the nations divided in the earth after the flood. These are the families of the sons of Noah, after their generations, in their nations. Of these were the nations divided in the earth after the flood. These are families of the sons of Noah, by their births, in their nations, and by these have the nations been parted in the earth after the deluge. These are the families of the sons of Noah, after their generations, in their nations: and by these were the nations divided in the earth after the flood.
Genesis 11:1 And the whole earth was of one language, and of one speech. And the whole earth was of one language and of one speech. And the earth was of one tongue, and of the same speech. And the whole earth had one language, and the same words. And the whole earth was of one language and of one speech. And the whole earth was of one language, and of one speech. The whole earth was of one language and of one speech. And the whole earth is of one pronunciation, and of the same words, And the whole earth was of one language, and of one speech.
Genesis 11:2 And it came to pass, as they journeyed from the east, that they found a plain in the land of Shinar; and they dwelt there. And it came to pass, as they journeyed east, that they found a plain in the land of Shinar; and they dwelt there. And when they removed from the east, they found a plain in the land of Sennaar, and dwelt in it. And it came to pass as they journeyed from the east, that they found a plain in the land of Shinar, and dwelt there. And it came to pass, as they journeyed east, that they found a plain in the land of Shinar; and they dwelt there. And it came to pass as they journeyed from the east, that they found a plain in the land of Shinar, and they dwelt there.It happened, as they traveled east, that they found a plain in the land of Shinar, and they lived there. And it cometh to pass, in their journeying from the east, that they find a valley in the land of Shinar, and dwell there; And it came to pass, as they journeyed from the east, that they found a plain in the land of Shinar; and they dwelled there.
Genesis 11:3 And they said one to another, Go to, let us make brick, and burn them throughly. And they had brick for stone, and slime had they for morter. And they said one to another, Come, let us make brick, and burn them thoroughly. And they had brick for stone, and slime had they for mortar. And each one said to his neighbour: Come, let us make brick, and bake them of stones, and slime instead of mortar. And they said one to another, Come on, let us make bricks, and burn them thoroughly. And they had brick for stone, and they had asphalt for mortar. And they said one to another, Go to, let us make brick, and burn them throughly. And they had brick for stone, and slime had they for mortar. And they said one to another, come, let us make brick, and burn them thoroughly. And they had brick for stone, and slime had they for mortar. They said one to another, "Come, let's make bricks, and burn them thoroughly." They had brick for stone, and they used tar for mortar. And they say each one to his neighbour, 'Give help, let us make bricks, and burn them thoroughly:' and the brick is to them for stone, and the bitumen hath been to them for mortar. And they said one to another, Go to, let us make brick, and burn them thoroughly. And they had brick for stone, and slime had they for mortar.
Genesis 11:4 And they said, Go to, let us build us a city and a tower, whose top may reach unto heaven; and let us make us a name, lest we be scattered abroad upon the face of the whole earth. And they said, Come, let us build us a city, and a tower, whose top may reach unto heaven, and let us make us a name; lest we be scattered abroad upon the face of the whole earth. And they said: Come, let us make a city and a tower, the top whereof may reach to heaven: and let us make our name famous before we be scattered abroad into all lands. And they said, Come on, let us build ourselves a city and a tower, the top of which may reach to the heavens; and let us make ourselves a name, lest we be scattered over the face of the whole earth. And they said, Go to, let us build us a city, and a tower, whose top may reach unto heaven, and let us make us a name; lest we be scattered abroad upon the face of the whole earth. And they said, come, let us build us a city, and a tower, whose top may reach to heaven; and let us make us a name, lest we should be scattered abroad upon the face of the whole earth. They said, "Come, let's build ourselves a city, and a tower whose top reaches to the sky, and let's make ourselves a name, lest we be scattered abroad on the surface of the whole earth." And they say, 'Give help, let us build for ourselves a city and tower, and its head in the heavens, and make for ourselves a name, lest we be scattered over the face of all the earth.' And they said, Go to, let us build us a city and a tower, whose top may reach to heaven; and let us make us a name, lest we be scattered abroad on the face of the whole earth.
Genesis 11:5 And the LORD came down to see the city and the tower, which the children of men builded. And Jehovah came down to see the city and the tower, which the children of men builded. And the Lord came down to see the city and the tower, which the children of Adam were building. And Jehovah came down to see the city and the tower which the children of men built. And the LORD came down to see the city and the tower, which the children of men builded. And the LORD came down to see the city and the tower, which the children of men were building.Yahweh came down to see the city and the tower, which the children of men built. And Jehovah cometh down to see the city and the tower which the sons of men have builded; And the LORD came down to see the city and the tower, which the children of men built.
Genesis 11:6 And the LORD said, Behold, the people is one, and they have all one language; and this they begin to do: and now nothing will be restrained from them, which they have imagined to do. And Jehovah said, Behold, they are one people, and they have all one language; and this is what they begin to do: and now nothing will be withholden from them, which they purpose to do. And he said: Behold, it is one people, and all have one tongue: and they have begun to do this, neither will they leave off from their designs, till they accomplish them in deed. And Jehovah said, Behold, the people is one, and have all one language; and this have they begun to do. And now will they be hindered in nothing that they meditate doing. And the LORD said, Behold, they are one people, and they have all one language; and this is what they begin to do: and now nothing will be withholden from them, which they purpose to do. And the LORD said, Behold, the people is one, and they have all one language; and this they begin to do: and now nothing will be restrained from them, which they have imagined to do.Yahweh said, "Behold, they are one people, and they have all one language, and this is what they begin to do. Now nothing will be withheld from them, which they intend to do. And Jehovah saith, 'Lo, the people is one, and one pronunciation is to them all, and this it hath dreamed of doing; and now, nothing is restrained from them of that which they have purposed to do. And the LORD said, Behold, the people is one, and they have all one language; and this they begin to do: and now nothing will be restrained from them, which they have imagined to do.
Genesis 11:7 Go to, let us go down, and there confound their language, that they may not understand one another's speech.Come, let us go down, and there confound their language, that they may not understand one another's speech.Come ye, therefore, let us go down, and there may not understand one another's speech. Come, let us go down, and there confound their language, that they may not understand one another's speech.Go to, let us go down, and there confound their language, that they may not understand one another's speech.Come, let us go down, and there confound their language, that they may not understand one another's speech.Come, let's go down, and there confuse their language, that they may not understand one another's speech." Give help, let us go down, and mingle there their pronunciation, so that a man doth not understand the pronunciation of his companion.' Go to, let us go down, and there confound their language, that they may not understand one another's speech.
Genesis 11:8 So the LORD scattered them abroad from thence upon the face of all the earth: and they left off to build the city. So Jehovah scattered them abroad from thence upon the face of all the earth: and they left off building the city. And so the Lord scattered them from that place into all lands, and they ceased to build the city. And Jehovah scattered them thence over the face of the whole earth. And they left off building the city. So the LORD scattered them abroad from thence upon the face of all the earth: and they left off to build the city. So the LORD scattered them abroad from thence upon the face of all the earth: and they left off to build the city. So Yahweh scattered them abroad from there on the surface of all the earth. They stopped building the city. And Jehovah doth scatter them from thence over the face of all the earth, and they cease to build the city; So the LORD scattered them abroad from there on the face of all the earth: and they left off to build the city.
Genesis 11:9 Therefore is the name of it called Babel; because the LORD did there confound the language of all the earth: and from thence did the LORD scatter them abroad upon the face of all the earth. Therefore was the name of it called Babel; because Jehovah did there confound the language of all the earth: and from thence did Jehovah scatter them abroad upon the face of all the earth. And therefore the name thereof was called Babel, because there the language of the whole earth was confounded: and from thence the Lord scattered them abroad upon the face of all countries. Therefore was its name called Babel; because Jehovah there confounded the language of the whole earth. And Jehovah scattered them thence over the face of the whole earth. Therefore was the name of it called Babel; because the LORD did there confound the language of all the earth: and from thence did the LORD scatter them abroad upon the face of all the earth. Therefore is the name of it called Babel, because the LORD there confounded the language of all the earth: and from thence did the LORD scatter them abroad upon the face of all the earth. Therefore its name was called Babel, because there Yahweh confused the language of all the earth. From there, Yahweh scattered them abroad on the surface of all the earth. Therefore hath one called its name Babel, for there hath Jehovah mingled the pronunciation of all the earth, and from thence hath Jehovah scattered them over the face of all the earth. Therefore is the name of it called Babel; because the LORD did there confound the language of all the earth: and from there did the LORD scatter them abroad on the face of all the earth.
Genesis 11:10 These are the generations of Shem: Shem was an hundred years old, and begat Arphaxad two years after the flood: These are the generations of Shem. Shem was a hundred years old, and begat Arpachshad two years after the flood. These are the generations of Sem: Sem was a hundred years old when he begot Arphaxad, two years old when he begot Arphaxad, two years after the flood. These are the generations of Shem. Shem was a hundred years old, and begot Arphaxad two years after the flood. These are the generations of Shem. Shem was an hundred years old, and begat Arpachshad two years after the flood: These are the generations of Shem: Shem was a hundred years old, and begat Arphaxad two years after the flood: This is the history of the generations of Shem. Shem was one hundred years old and became the father of Arpachshad two years after the flood. These are births of Shem: Shem is a son of an hundred years, and begetteth Arphaxad two years after the deluge. These are the generations of Shem: Shem was an hundred years old, and begat Arphaxad two years after the flood: 
Genesis 11:11 And Shem lived after he begat Arphaxad five hundred years, and begat sons and daughters. And Shem lived after he begat Arpachshad five hundred years, and begat sons and daughters. And Sem lived after he begot Arphaxad, five hundred years, and begot sons and daughters. And Shem lived after he had begotten Arphaxad five hundred years, and begot sons and daughters. And Shem lived after he begat Arpachshad five hundred years, and begat sons and daughters. And Shem lived after he begat Arphaxad five hundred years, and begat sons and daughters. Shem lived five hundred years after he became the father of Arpachshad, and became the father of sons and daughters. And Shem liveth after his begetting Arphaxad five hundred years, and begetteth sons and daughters. And Shem lived after he begat Arphaxad five hundred years, and begat sons and daughters.
Genesis 11:12 And Arphaxad lived five and thirty years, and begat Salah: And Arpachshad lived five and thirty years, and begat Shelah. And Arphaxad lived thirty-five years, and begot Sale. And Arphaxad lived thirty-five years, and begot Shelah. And Arpachshad lived five and thirty years, and begat Shelah: And Arphaxad lived five and thirty years, and begat Salah. Arpachshad lived thirty-five years and became the father of Shelah. And Arphaxad hath lived five and thirty years, and begetteth Salah. And Arphaxad lived five and thirty years, and begat Salah: 
Genesis 11:13 And Arphaxad lived after he begat Salah four hundred and three years, and begat sons and daughters. And Arpachshad lived after he begat Shelah four hundred and three years, and begat sons and daughters. And Arphaxad lived after he begot Sale, three hundred and three years; and begot sons and daughters. And Arphaxad lived after he had begotten Shelah four hundred and three years, and begot sons and daughters. And Arpachshad lived after he begat Shelah four hundred and three years, and begat sons and daughters. And Arphaxad lived after he begat Salah four hundred and three years, and begat sons and daughters. Arpachshad lived four hundred three years after he became the father of Shelah, and became the father of sons and daughters. And Arphaxad liveth after his begetting Salah four hundred and three years, and begetteth sons and daughters. And Arphaxad lived after he begat Salah four hundred and three years, and begat sons and daughters.
Genesis 11:14 And Salah lived thirty years, and begat Eber: And Shelah lived thirty years, and begat Eber: Sale also lived thirty years, and begot Heber. And Shelah lived thirty years, and begot Eber. And Shelah lived thirty years, and begat Eber: And Salah lived thirty years, and begat Eber: Shelah lived thirty years, and became the father of Eber: And Salah hath lived thirty years, and begetteth Eber. And Salah lived thirty years, and begat Eber: 
Genesis 11:15 And Salah lived after he begat Eber four hundred and three years, and begat sons and daughters. And Shelah lived after he begat Eber four hundred and three years, and begat sons and daughters. And Sale lived after he begot Heber, four hundred and three years; and begot sons and daughters. And Shelah lived after he had begotten Eber four hundred and three years, and begot sons and daughters. And Shelah lived after he begat Eber four hundred and three years, and begat sons and daughters. And Salah lived after he begat Eber four hundred and three years, and begat sons and daughters. And Shelah lived four hundred three years after he became the father of Eber, and became the father of sons and daughters. And Salah liveth after his begetting Eber four hundred and three years, and begetteth sons and daughters. And Salah lived after he begat Eber four hundred and three years, and begat sons and daughters.
Genesis 11:16 And Eber lived four and thirty years, and begat Peleg: And Eber lived four and thirty years, and begat Peleg: And Heber lived thirty-four years, and begot Phaleg. And Eber lived thirty-four years, and begot Peleg. And Eber lived four and thirty years, and begat Peleg: And Eber lived four and thirty years, and begat Peleg: Eber lived thirty-four years, and became the father of Peleg. And Eber liveth four and thirty years, and begetteth Peleg. And Eber lived four and thirty years, and begat Peleg: 
Genesis 11:17 And Eber lived after he begat Peleg four hundred and thirty years, and begat sons and daughters. And Eber lived after he begat Peleg four hundred and thirty years, and begat sons and daughters. And Heber lived after he begot Phaleg, four hundred and thirty years: and begot sons and daughters. And Eber lived after he had begotten Peleg four hundred and thirty years, and begot sons and daughters. And Eber lived after he begat Peleg four hundred and thirty years, and begat sons and daughters. And Eber lived after he begat Peleg four hundred and thirty years, and begat sons and daughters.Eber lived four hundred thirty years after he became the father of Peleg, and became the father of sons and daughters. And Eber liveth after his begetting Peleg four hundred and thirty years, and begetteth sons and daughters. And Eber lived after he begat Peleg four hundred and thirty years, and begat sons and daughters.
Genesis 11:18 And Peleg lived thirty years, and begat Reu: And Peleg lived thirty years, and begat Reu: Phaleg also lived thirty years, and begot Reu. And Peleg lived thirty years, and begot Reu. And Peleg lived thirty years, and begat Reu: And Peleg lived thirty years, and begat Reu: Peleg lived thirty years, and became the father of Reu. And Peleg liveth thirty years, and begetteth Reu. And Peleg lived thirty years, and begat Reu: 
Genesis 11:19 And Peleg lived after he begat Reu two hundred and nine years, and begat sons and daughters. And Peleg lived after he begat Reu two hundred and nine years, and begat sons and daughters. And Phaleg lived after he begot Reu, two hundred and nine years, and begot sons and daughters. And Peleg lived after he had begotten Reu two hundred and nine years, and begot sons and daughters. And Peleg lived after he begat Reu two hundred and nine years, and begat sons and daughters. And Peleg lived after he begat Reu two hundred and nine years, and begat sons and daughters.Peleg lived two hundred nine years after he became the father of Reu, and became the father of sons and daughters. And Peleg liveth after his begetting Reu two hundred and nine years, and begetteth sons and daughters. And Peleg lived after he begat Reu two hundred and nine years, and begat sons and daughters.
Genesis 11:20 And Reu lived two and thirty years, and begat Serug: And Reu lived two and thirty years, and begat Serug: And Reu lived thirty-two years, and begot Sarug. And Reu lived thirty-two years, and begot Serug. And Reu lived two and thirty years, and begat Serug: And Reu lived two and thirty years, and begat Serug.Reu lived thirty-two years, and became the father of Serug. And Reu liveth two and thirty years, and begetteth Serug. And Reu lived two and thirty years, and begat Serug: 
Genesis 11:21 And Reu lived after he begat Serug two hundred and seven years, and begat sons and daughters. And Reu lived after he begat Serug two hundred and seven years, and begat sons and daughters. And Reu lived after he begot Sarug, two hundred and seven years, and begot sons and daughters. And Reu lived after he had begotten Serug two hundred and seven years, and begot sons and daughters. And Reu lived after he begat Serug two hundred and seven years, and begat sons and daughters. And Reu lived after he begat Serug two hundred and seven years, and begat sons and daughters.Reu lived two hundred seven years after he became the father of Serug, and became the father of sons and daughters. And Reu liveth after his begetting Serug two hundred and seven years, and begetteth sons and daughters. And Reu lived after he begat Serug two hundred and seven years, and begat sons and daughters.
Genesis 11:22 And Serug lived thirty years, and begat Nahor: And Serug lived thirty years, and begat Nahor: And Sarug lived thirty years, and begot Nachor. And Serug lived thirty years, and begot Nahor. And Serug lived thirty years, and begat Nahor: And Serug lived thirty years, and begat Nahor: Serug lived thirty years, and became the father of Nahor. And Serug liveth thirty years, and begetteth Nahor. And Serug lived thirty years, and begat Nahor: 
Genesis 11:23 And Serug lived after he begat Nahor two hundred years, and begat sons and daughters. And Serug lived after he begat Nahor two hundred years, and begat sons and daughters. And Sarug lived after he begot Nachor, two hundred years: and begot sons and daughters. And Serug lived after he had begotten Nahor two hundred years, and begot sons and daughters. And Serug lived after he begat Nahor two hundred years, and begat sons and daughters. And Serug lived after he begat Nahor two hundred years, and begat sons and daughters. Serug lived two hundred years after he became the father of Nahor, and became the father of sons and daughters. And Serug liveth after his begetting Nahor two hundred years, and begetteth sons and daughters. And Serug lived after he begat Nahor two hundred years, and begat sons and daughters.
Genesis 11:24 And Nahor lived nine and twenty years, and begat Terah: And Nahor lived nine and twenty years, and begat Terah: And Nachor lived nine and twenty years, and begot Thare. And Nahor lived twenty-nine years, and begot Terah. And Nahor lived nine and twenty years, and begat Terah: And Nahor lived nine and twenty years, and begat Terah.Nahor lived twenty-nine years, and became the father of Terah. And Nahor liveth nine and twenty years, and begetteth Terah. And Nahor lived nine and twenty years, and begat Terah: 
Genesis 11:25 And Nahor lived after he begat Terah an hundred and nineteen years, and begat sons and daughters. And Nahor lived after he begat Terah a hundred and nineteen years, and begat sons and daughters. And Nachor lived after he begot Thare, a hundred and nineteen years: and begot sons and daughters. And Nahor lived after he had begotten Terah a hundred and nineteen years, and begot sons and daughters. And Nahor lived after he begat Terah an hundred and nineteen years, and begat sons and daughters. And Nahor lived after he begat Terah a hundred and nineteen years, and begat sons and daughters.Nahor lived one hundred nineteen years after he became the father of Terah, and became the father of sons and daughters. And Nahor liveth after his begetting Terah an hundred and nineteen years, and begetteth sons and daughters. And Nahor lived after he begat Terah an hundred and nineteen years, and begat sons and daughters.
Genesis 11:26 And Terah lived seventy years, and begat Abram, Nahor, and Haran. And Terah lived seventy years, and begat Abram, Nahor, and Haran. And Thare lived seventy years, and begot Abram, and Nachor, and Aran. And Terah lived seventy years, and begot Abram, Nahor, and Haran. And Terah lived seventy years, and begat Abram, Nahor, and Haran. And Terah lived seventy years, and begat Abram, Nahor, and Haran. Terah lived seventy years, and became the father of Abram, Nahor, and Haran. And Terah liveth seventy years, and begetteth Abram, Nahor, and Haran. And Terah lived seventy years, and begat Abram, Nahor, and Haran.
Genesis 11:27 Now these are the generations of Terah: Terah begat Abram, Nahor, and Haran; and Haran begat Lot.Now these are the generations of Terah. Terah begat Abram, Nahor, and Haran. And Haran begat Lot. And these are the generations of Thare: Thare begot Abram, Nachor, and Aran. And Aran begot Lot. And these are the generations of Terah: Terah begot Abram, Nahor, and Haran; and Haran begot Lot.Now these are the generations of Terah. Terah begat Abram, Nahor, and Haran; and Haran begat Lot.Now these are the generations of Terah: Terah begat Abram, Nahor, and Haran: and Haran begat Lot.Now this is the history of the generations of Terah. Terah became the father of Abram, Nahor, and Haran. Haran became the father of Lot. And these are births of Terah: Terah hath begotten Abram, Nahor, and Haran; and Haran hath begotten Lot; Now these are the generations of Terah: Terah begat Abram, Nahor, and Haran; and Haran begat Lot.
Genesis 11:28 And Haran died before his father Terah in the land of his nativity, in Ur of the Chaldees. And Haran died before his father Terah in the land of his nativity, in Ur of the Chaldees. And Aran died before Thare his father, in the land of his nativity in Ur of the Chaldees. And Haran died before the face of his father Terah in the land of his nativity at Ur of the Chaldeans. And Haran died in the presence of his father Terah in the land of his nativity, in Ur of the Chaldees. And Haran died before his father Terah, in the land of his nativity, in Ur of the Chaldees.Haran died before his father Terah in the land of his birth, in Ur of the Chaldees. And Haran dieth in the presence of Terah his father, in the land of his birth, in Ur of the Chaldees. And Haran died before his father Terah in the land of his nativity, in Ur of the Chaldees.
Genesis 11:29 And Abram and Nahor took them wives: the name of Abram's wife was Sarai; and the name of Nahor's wife, Milcah, the daughter of Haran, the father of Milcah, and the father of Iscah. And Abram and Nahor took them wives: The name of Abram's wife was Sarai; and the name of Nahor's wife, Milcah, the daughter of Haran, the father of Milcah, and the father of Iscah. And Abram and Nachor married wives: the name of Abram's wife was Sarai: and the name of Nachor's wife, Melcha, the daughter of Aran, father of Melcha, and father of Jescha. And Abram and Nahor took wives: the name of Abram's wife was Sarai; and the name of Nahor's wife, Milcah, a daughter of Haran, the father of Milcah and the father of Iscah. And Abram and Nahor took them wives: the name of Abram's wife was Sarai; and the name of Nahor's wife, Milcah, the daughter of Haran, the father of Milcah, and the father of Iscah. And Abram and Nahor took them wives: the name of Abram's wife was Sarai; and the name of Nahor's wife Milcah, the daughter of Haran, the father of Milcah, and the father of Iscah. Abram and Nahor took wives. The name of Abram's wife was Sarai, and the name of Nahor's wife, Milcah, the daughter of Haran who was also the father of Iscah. And Abram and Nahor take to themselves wives; the name of Abram's wife is Sarai, and the name of Nahor's wife is Milcah, daughter of Haran, father of Milcah, and father of Iscah. And Abram and Nahor took them wives: the name of Abram's wife was Sarai; and the name of Nahor's wife, Milcah, the daughter of Haran, the father of Milcah, and the father of Iscah.
Genesis 11:30 But Sarai was barren; she had no child. And Sarai was barren; She had no child. And Sarai was barren, and had no children. And Sarai was barren: she had no child. And Sarai was barren; she had no child.But Sarai was barren; she had no child. Sarai was barren. She had no child. And Sarai is barren &#8212; she hath no child.But Sarai was barren; she had no child.
Genesis 11:31 And Terah took Abram his son, and Lot the son of Haran his son's son, and Sarai his daughter in law, his son Abram's wife; and they went forth with them from Ur of the Chaldees, to go into the land of Canaan; and they came unto Haran, and dwelt there. And Terah took Abram his son, and Lot the son of Haran, his son's son, and Sarai his daughter-in-law, his son Abram's wife; and they went forth with them from Ur of the Chaldees, to go into the land of Canaan; and they came unto Haran, and dwelt there. And Thare took Abram, his son, and Lot the son of Aran, his son's son, and Sarai his daughter in law, the wife of Abram his son, and brought them out of Ur of the Chaldees, to go into the land of Chanaan: and they came as far as Haran, and dwelt there. And Terah took Abram his son, and Lot the son of Haran his son's son, and Sarai his daughter-in-law, his son Abram's wife; and they went forth together out of Ur of the Chaldeans, to go into the land of Canaan, and came as far as Haran, and dwelt there. And Terah took Abram his son, and Lot the son of Haran, his son's son, and Sarai his daughter in law, his son Abram's wife; and they went forth with them from Ur of the Chaldees, to go into the land of Canaan; and they came unto Haran, and dwelt there. And Terah took Abram his son, and Lot the son of Haran his son's son, and Sarai his daughter-in-law, his son Abram's wife; and they went forth with them from Ur of the Chaldees, to go into the land of Canaan; and they came to Haran, and dwelt there. Terah took Abram his son, Lot the son of Haran, his son's son, and Sarai his daughter-in-law, his son Abram's wife. They went forth from Ur of the Chaldees, to go into the land of Canaan. They came to Haran and lived there. And Terah taketh Abram his son, and Lot, son of Haran, his son's son, and Sarai his daughter-in-law, wife of Abram his son, and they go out with them from Ur of the Chaldees, to go towards the land of Canaan; and they come unto Charan, and dwell there. And Terah took Abram his son, and Lot the son of Haran his son's son, and Sarai his daughter in law, his son Abram's wife; and they went forth with them from Ur of the Chaldees, to go into the land of Canaan; and they came to Haran, and dwelled there.
Genesis 11:32 And the days of Terah were two hundred and five years: and Terah died in Haran. And the days of Terah were two hundred and five years: and Terah died in Haran. And the days of Thare were tow hundred and five years, and he died in Haran. And the days of Terah were two hundred and five years; and Terah died in Haran. And the days of Terah were two hundred and five years: and Terah died in Haran. And the days of Terah were two hundred and five years: and Terah died in Haran. The days of Terah were two hundred five years. Terah died in Haran. And the days of Terah are two hundred and five years, and Terah dieth in Charan. And the days of Terah were two hundred and five years: and Terah died in Haran.
Genesis 12:1 Now the LORD had said unto Abram, Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and from thy father's house, unto a land that I will shew thee: Now Jehovah said unto Abram, Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and from thy father's house, unto the land that I will show thee: And the Lord said to Abram: Go forth out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and out of they father's house, and come into the land which I shall shew thee. And Jehovah had said to Abram, Go out of thy land, and from thy kindred, and from thy father's house, to the land that I will shew thee.Now the LORD said unto Abram, Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and from thy father's house, unto the land that I will shew thee: Now the LORD had said to Abram, Depart from thy country, and from thy kindred, and from thy father's house, to a land that I will show thee: Now Yahweh said to Abram, "Get out of your country, and from your relatives, and from your father's house, to the land that I will show you. And Jehovah saith unto Abram, 'Go for thyself, from thy land, and from thy kindred, and from the house of thy father, unto the land which I shew thee.Now the LORD had said to Abram, Get you out of your country, and from your kindred, and from your father's house, to a land that I will show you: 
Genesis 12:2 And I will make of thee a great nation, and I will bless thee, and make thy name great; and thou shalt be a blessing: and I will make of thee a great nation, and I will bless thee, and make they name great; and be thou a blessing; And I will make of thee a great nation, and I will bless thee, and magnify thy name, and thou shalt be blessed. And I will make of thee a great nation, and bless thee, and make thy name great; and thou shalt be a blessing. And I will make of thee a great nation, and I will bless thee, and make thy name great; and be thou a blessing: And I will make of thee a great nation, and I will bless thee, and make thy name great; and thou shalt be a blessing: I will make of you a great nation. I will bless you and make your name great. You will be a blessing. And I make thee become a great nation, and bless thee, and make thy name great; and be thou a blessing. And I will make of you a great nation, and I will bless you, and make your name great; and you shall be a blessing: 
Genesis 12:3 And I will bless them that bless thee, and curse him that curseth thee: and in thee shall all families of the earth be blessed. And I will bless them that bless thee, and him that curseth thee will I curse: and in thee shall all the families of the earth be blessed.I will bless them that bless thee, and curse them that curse thee, and IN THEE shall all the kindred of the earth be blessed:  And I will bless them that bless thee, and curse him that curseth thee; and in thee shall all families of the earth be blessed. And I will bless them that bless thee, and him that curseth thee will I curse: and in thee shall all the families of the earth be blessed. And I will bless them that bless thee, and curse him that curseth thee: and in thee shall all families of the earth be blessed.I will bless those who bless you, and I will curse him who curses you. All of the families of the earth will be blessed in you." And I bless those blessing thee, and him who is disesteeming thee I curse, and blessed in thee have been all families of the ground.' And I will bless them that bless you, and curse him that curses you: and in you shall all families of the earth be blessed.
Genesis 12:4 So Abram departed, as the LORD had spoken unto him; and Lot went with him: and Abram was seventy and five years old when he departed out of Haran. So Abram went, as Jehovah had spoken unto him; and Lot went with him: and Abram was seventy and five years old when he departed out of Haran. So Abram went out as the Lord had commanded him, and Lot went with him: Abram was seventy-five years old when he went forth from Haran. And Abram departed as Jehovah had said to him. And Lot went with him. And Abram was seventy-five years old when he departed out of Haran. So Abram went, as the LORD had spoken unto him; and Lot went with him: and Abram was seventy and five years old when he departed out of Haran. So Abram departed, as the LORD had spoken to him, and Lot went with him: and Abram was seventy and five years old when he departed from Haran. So Abram went, as Yahweh had spoken to him. Lot went with him. Abram was seventy-five years old when he departed out of Haran. And Abram goeth on, as Jehovah hath spoken unto him, and Lot goeth with him, and Abram is a son of five and seventy years in his going out from Charan. So Abram departed, as the LORD had spoken to him; and Lot went with him: and Abram was seventy and five years old when he departed out of Haran.
Genesis 12:5 And Abram took Sarai his wife, and Lot his brother's son, and all their substance that they had gathered, and the souls that they had gotten in Haran; and they went forth to go into the land of Canaan; and into the land of Canaan they came. And Abram took Sarai his wife, and Lot his brother's son, and all their substance that they had gathered, and the souls that they had gotten in Haran; and they went forth to go into the land of Canaan; and into the land of Canaan they came. And he took Sarai his wife, and Lot his brother's son, and all the substance which they had gathered, and the souls which they had gotten in Haran: and they went out to go into the land of Chanaan. And when they were come into it,  And Abram took Sarai his wife, and Lot his brother's son, and all their possessions that they had acquired, and the souls that they had obtained in Haran, and they went out to go into the land of Canaan; and into the land of Canaan they came. And Abram took Sarai his wife, and Lot his brother's son, and all their substance that they had gathered, and the souls that they had gotten in Haran; and they went forth to go into the land of Canaan; and into the land of Canaan they came. And Abram took Sarai his wife, and Lot his brother's son, and all their substance that they had gathered, and the souls that they had gotten in Haran; and they went to go forth into the land of Canaan; and into the land of Canaan they came. Abram took Sarai his wife, Lot his brother's son, all their substance that they had gathered, and the souls whom they had gotten in Haran, and they went forth to go into the land of Canaan. Into the land of Canaan they came. And Abram taketh Sarai his wife, and Lot his brother's son, and all their substance that they have gained, and the persons that they have obtained in Charan; and they go out to go towards the land of Canaan; and they come in to the land of Canaan. And Abram took Sarai his wife, and Lot his brother's son, and all their substance that they had gathered, and the souls that they had gotten in Haran; and they went forth to go into the land of Canaan; and into the land of Canaan they came.
Genesis 12:6 And Abram passed through the land unto the place of Sichem, unto the plain of Moreh. And the Canaanite was then in the land. And Abram passed through the land unto the place of Shechem, unto the oak of Moreh. And the Canaanite was then in the land. Abram passed through the country into the place of Sichem, as far as the noble vale: now the Chanaanite was at that time in the land. And Abram passed through the land to the place of Shechem, to the oak of Moreh. And the Canaanite was then in the land. And Abram passed through the land unto the place of Shechem, unto the oak of Moreh. And the Canaanite was then in the land. And Abram passed through the land to the place of Sichem, to the plain of Moreh. And the Canaanite was then in the land. Abram passed through the land to the place of Shechem, to the oak of Moreh. The Canaanite was then in the land. And Abram passeth over into the land, unto the place Shechem, unto the oak of Moreh; and the Canaanite is then in the land. And Abram passed through the land to the place of Sichem, to the plain of Moreh. And the Canaanite was then in the land.
Genesis 12:7 And the LORD appeared unto Abram, and said, Unto thy seed will I give this land: and there builded he an altar unto the LORD, who appeared unto him. And Jehovah appeared unto Abram, and said, Unto thy seed will I give this land: and there builded he an altar unto Jehovah, who appeared unto him. And the Lord appeared to Abram, and said to him: To thy seed will I give this land. And he built there an altar to the Lord, who had appeared to him. And Jehovah appeared to Abram, and said, Unto thy seed will I give this land. And there he built an altar to Jehovah who had appeared to him. And the LORD appeared unto Abram, and said, Unto thy seed will I give this land: and there builded he an altar unto the LORD, who appeared unto him. And the LORD appeared to Abram, and said, To thy seed will I give this land: and there he erected an altar to the LORD, who appeared to him.Yahweh appeared to Abram and said, "I will give this land to your seed." He built an altar there to Yahweh, who appeared to him. And Jehovah appeareth unto Abram, and saith, 'To thy seed I give this land;' and he buildeth there an altar to Jehovah, who hath appeared unto him. And the LORD appeared to Abram, and said, To your seed will I give this land: and there built he an altar to the LORD, who appeared to him.
Genesis 12:8 And he removed from thence unto a mountain on the east of Bethel, and pitched his tent, having Bethel on the west, and Hai on the east: and there he builded an altar unto the LORD, and called upon the name of the LORD. And he removed from thence unto the mountain on the east of Beth-el, and pitched his tent, having Beth-el on the west, and Ai on the east: and there he builded an altar unto Jehovah, and called upon the name of Jehovah. And passing on from thence to a mountain, that was on the east side of Bethel, he there pitched his tent, having Bethel on the west, and Hai on the east; he built there also an altar to the Lord, and called upon his name. And he removed thence towards the mountain on the east of Bethel, and pitched his tent, having Bethel toward the west, and Ai toward the east; and there he built an altar to Jehovah, and called on the name of Jehovah. And he removed from thence unto the mountain on the east of Beth-el, and pitched his tent, having Beth-el on the west, and Ai on the east: and there he builded an altar unto the LORD, and called upon the name of the LORD. And he removed from thence to a mountain on the east of Beth-el, and pitched his tent, having Beth-el on the west, and Hai on the east: and there he erected an altar to the LORD, and called upon the name of the LORD.He left from there to the mountain on the east of Bethel, and pitched his tent, having Bethel on the west, and Ai on the east. There he built an altar to Yahweh and called on the name of Yahweh. And he removeth from thence towards a mountain at the east of Beth-El, and stretcheth out the tent (Beth-El at the west, and Hai at the east), and he buildeth there an altar to Jehovah, and preacheth in the name of Jehovah. And he removed from there to a mountain on the east of Bethel, and pitched his tent, having Bethel on the west, and Hai on the east: and there he built an altar to the LORD, and called on the name of the LORD.
Genesis 12:9 And Abram journeyed, going on still toward the south. And Abram journeyed, going on still toward the South. And Abram went forward, going, and proceeding on to the south. And Abram moved onward, going on still toward the south. And Abram journeyed, going on still toward the South. And Abram journeyed, going on still towards the south. Abram traveled, going on still toward the South. And Abram journeyeth, going on and journeying towards the south. And Abram journeyed, going on still toward the south.
Genesis 12:10 And there was a famine in the land: and Abram went down into Egypt to sojourn there; for the famine was grievous in the land. And there was a famine in the land: and Abram went down into Egypt to sojourn there; for the famine was sore in the land. And there came a famine in the country; and Abram went down into Egypt, to sojourn there: for the famine was very grievous in the land. And there was a famine in the land. And Abram went down to Egypt to sojourn there, for the famine was grievous in the land. And there was a famine in the land: and Abram went down into Egypt to sojourn there; for the famine was sore in the land. And there was a famine in the land: and Abram went down into Egypt to dwell there; for the famine was grievous in the land. There was a famine in the land. Abram went down into Egypt to live as a foreigner there, for the famine was severe in the land. And there is a famine in the land, and Abram goeth down towards Egypt to sojourn there, for the famine is grievous in the land; And there was a famine in the land: and Abram went down into Egypt to sojourn there; for the famine was grievous in the land.
Genesis 12:11 And it came to pass, when he was come near to enter into Egypt, that he said unto Sarai his wife, Behold now, I know that thou art a fair woman to look upon: And it came to pass, when he was come near to enter into Egypt, that he said unto Sarai his wife, Behold now, I know that thou art a fair woman to look upon: And when he was near to enter into Egypt, he said to Sarai his wife: I know that thou art a beautiful woman:  And it came to pass when he was come near to enter into Egypt, that he said to Sarai his wife, Behold now, I know that thou art a woman fair to look upon. And it came to pass, when he was come near to enter into Egypt, that he said unto Sarai his wife, Behold now, I know that thou art a fair woman to look upon: And it came to pass, when he had come near to enter into Egypt, that he said to Sarai his wife, Behold now, I know that thou art a fair woman to look upon: It happened, when he had come near to enter Egypt, that he said to Sarai his wife, "See now, I know that you are a beautiful woman to look at. And it cometh to pass as he hath drawn near to enter Egypt, that he saith unto Sarai his wife, 'Lo, I pray thee, I have known that thou art a woman of beautiful appearance; And it came to pass, when he was come near to enter into Egypt, that he said to Sarai his wife, Behold now, I know that you are a fair woman to look on: 
Genesis 12:12 Therefore it shall come to pass, when the Egyptians shall see thee, that they shall say, This is his wife: and they will kill me, but they will save thee alive. And it will come to pass, when the Egyptians shall see thee, that they will say, This is his wife: and they will kill me, but they will save thee alive. And that when the Egyptians shall see thee, they will say: She is his wife: and they will kill me, and keep thee. And it will come to pass when the Egyptians see thee, that they will say, She is his wife; and they will slay me, and save thee alive. And it shall come to pass, when the Egyptians shall see thee, that they shall say, This is his wife: and they will kill me, but they will save thee alive. Therefore it will come to pass, when the Egyptians shall see thee, that they will say, This is his wife: and they will kill me, but they will save thee alive.It will happen, when the Egyptians will see you, that they will say, 'This is his wife.' They will kill me, but they will save you alive. And it hath come to pass that the Egyptians see thee, and they have said, 'This is his wife,' and they have slain me, and thee they keep alive: Therefore it shall come to pass, when the Egyptians shall see you, that they shall say, This is his wife: and they will kill me, but they will save you alive.
Genesis 12:13 Say, I pray thee, thou art my sister: that it may be well with me for thy sake; and my soul shall live because of thee. Say, I pray thee, thou art my sister; that it may be well with me for thy sake, and that my soul may live because of thee. Say, therefore, I pray thee, that thou art my sister: that I may be well used for thee, and that my soul may live for thy sake. Say, I pray thee, thou art my sister, that it may be well with me on thy account, and my soul may live because of thee. Say, I pray thee, thou art my sister: that it may be well with me for thy sake, and that my soul may live because of thee. Say, I pray thee, thou art my sister: that it may be well with me for thy sake; and my soul shall live because of thee.Please say that you are my sister, that it may be well with me for your sake, and that my soul may live because of you." say, I pray thee, thou art my sister, so that it is well with me because of thee, and my soul hath lived for thy sake.' Say, I pray you, you are my sister: that it may be well with me for your sake; and my soul shall live because of you.
Genesis 12:14 And it came to pass, that, when Abram was come into Egypt, the Egyptians beheld the woman that she was very fair. And it came to pass, that, when Abram was come into Egypt, the Egyptians beheld the woman that she was very fair. And when Abram was come into Egypt, the Egyptians saw the woman that she was very beautiful. And it came to pass when Abram came into Egypt, that the Egyptians beheld the woman that she was very fair. And it came to pass, that, when Abram was come into Egypt, the Egyptians beheld the woman that she was very fair. And it came to pass, that when Abram had come into Egypt, the Egyptians beheld the woman that she was very fair.It happened that when Abram had come into Egypt, the Egyptians saw that the woman was very beautiful. And it cometh to pass, at the entering of Abram into Egypt, that the Egyptians see the woman that she is exceeding fair; And it came to pass, that, when Abram was come into Egypt, the Egyptians beheld the woman that she was very fair.
Genesis 12:15 The princes also of Pharaoh saw her, and commended her before Pharaoh: and the woman was taken into Pharaoh's house. And the princes of Pharaoh saw her, and praised her to Pharaoh: and the woman was taken into Pharaoh's house. And the princes told Pharao, and praised her before him: and the woman was taken into the house of Pharao. And the princes of Pharaoh saw her, and praised her to Pharaoh; and the woman was taken into Pharaoh's house. And the princes of Pharaoh saw her, and praised her to Pharaoh: and the woman was taken into Pharaoh's house. The princes also of Pharaoh saw her, and commended her before Pharaoh: and the woman was taken into Pharaoh's house. The princes of Pharaoh saw her, and praised her to Pharaoh; and the woman was taken into Pharaoh's house. And princes of Pharaoh see her, and praise her unto Pharaoh, and the woman is taken to Pharaoh's house; The princes also of Pharaoh saw her, and commended her before Pharaoh: and the woman was taken into Pharaoh's house.
Genesis 12:16 And he entreated Abram well for her sake: and he had sheep, and oxen, and he asses, and menservants, and maidservants, and she asses, and camels. And he dealt well with Abram for her sake: and he had sheep, and oxen, and he-asses, and men-servants, and maid-servants, and she-asses, and camels. And they used Abram well for her sake. And he had sheep and oxen, and he asses, and menservants and maidservants, and she asses, and camels. And he treated Abram well on her account; and he had sheep, and oxen, and he-asses, and bondmen, and bondwomen, and she-asses, and camels. And he entreated Abram well for her sake: and he had sheep, and oxen, and he-asses, and menservants, and maidservants, and she-asses, and camels. And he treated Abram well for her sake: and he had sheep, and oxen, and he-asses, and men-servants, and maid-servants, and she-asses, and camels.He dealt well with Abram for her sake. He had sheep, cattle, male donkeys, male servants, female servants, female donkeys, and camels. And to Abram he hath done good because of her, and he hath sheep and oxen, and he-asses, and men-servants, and handmaids, and she-asses, and camels. And he entreated Abram well for her sake: and he had sheep, and oxen, and he asses, and menservants, and maidservants, and she asses, and camels.
Genesis 12:17 And the LORD plagued Pharaoh and his house with great plagues because of Sarai Abram's wife. And Jehovah plagued Pharaoh and his house with great plagues because of Sarai, Abram's wife.But the Lord scourged Pharao and his house with most grievous stripes for Sarai, Abram's wife. And Jehovah plagued Pharaoh and his house with great plagues because of Sarai Abram's wife. And the LORD plagued Pharaoh and his house with great plagues because of Sarai Abram's wife. And the LORD afflicted Pharaoh and his house with great plagues, because of Sarai, Abram's wife.Yahweh plagued Pharaoh and his house with great plagues because of Sarai, Abram's wife. And Jehovah plagueth Pharaoh and his house &#8212; great plagues &#8212; for the matter of Sarai, Abram's wife. And the LORD plagued Pharaoh and his house with great plagues because of Sarai Abram's wife.
Genesis 12:18 And Pharaoh called Abram, and said, What is this that thou hast done unto me? why didst thou not tell me that she was thy wife? And Pharaoh called Abram, and said, What is this that thou hast done unto me? why didst thou not tell me that she was thy wife? And Pharao called Abram, and said to him: What is this that thou hast done to me? Why didst thou not tell me that she was thy wife. And Pharaoh called Abram, and said, What is this thou hast done to me? Why didst thou not tell me that she was thy wife? And Pharaoh called Abram, and said, What is this that thou hast done unto me? why didst thou not tell me that she was thy wife? And Pharaoh called Abram, and said, What is this that thou hast done to me? why didst thou not tell me that she is thy wife? Pharaoh called Abram and said, "What is this that you have done to me? Why didn't you tell me that she was your wife? And Pharaoh calleth for Abram, and saith, 'What is this thou hast done to me? why hast thou not declared to me that she is thy wife? And Pharaoh called Abram and said, What is this that you have done to me? why did you not tell me that she was your wife? 
Genesis 12:19 Why saidst thou, She is my sister? so I might have taken her to me to wife: now therefore behold thy wife, take her, and go thy way.why saidst thou, She is my sister, so that I took her to be my wife? now therefore behold thy wife, take her, and go thy way.For what cause didst thou say, she was thy sister, that I might take her to my wife? Now therefore, there is thy wife, take her, and go thy way. Why didst thou say, She is my sister, so that I took her as my wife. And now, behold, there is thy wife: take her, and go away.Why saidst thou, She is my sister? so that I took her to be my wife: now therefore behold thy wife, take her, and go thy way.Why saidst thou, She is my sister? so I might have taken her to me for a wife: now therefore behold thy wife, take her, and go thy way.Why did you say, 'She is my sister,' so that I took her to be my wife? Now therefore, see your wife, take her, and go your way." Why hast thou said, She is my sister, and I take her to myself for a wife? and now, lo, thy wife, take and go.' Why said you, She is my sister? so I might have taken her to me to wife: now therefore behold your wife, take her, and go your way.
Genesis 12:20 And Pharaoh commanded his men concerning him: and they sent him away, and his wife, and all that he had. And Pharaoh gave men charge concerning him: and they brought him on the way, and his wife, and all that he had. And Pharao gave his men orders concerning Abram: and they led him away, and his wife, and all that he had. And Pharaoh commanded his men concerning him, and they sent him away, and his wife, and all that he had. And Pharaoh gave men charge concerning him: and they brought him on the way, and his wife, and all that he had. And Pharaoh commanded his men concerning him: and they sent him away, and his wife, and all that he had.Pharaoh commanded men concerning him, and they brought him on the way with his wife and all that he had. And Pharaoh chargeth men concerning him, and they send him away, and his wife, an all that he hath. And Pharaoh commanded his men concerning him: and they sent him away, and his wife, and all that he had.
Genesis 13:1 And Abram went up out of Egypt, he, and his wife, and all that he had, and Lot with him, into the south. And Abram went up out of Egypt, he, and his wife, and all that he had, and Lot with him, into the South. And Abram went up out of Egypt, he and his wife, and all that he had, and Lot with him, into the south. And Abram went up out of Egypt, he, and his wife, and all that he had, and Lot with him, towards the south. And Abram went up out of Egypt, he, and his wife, and all that he had, and Lot with him, into the South. And Abram returned from Egypt, he, and his wife, and all that he had, and Lot with him, into the south. Abram went up out of Egypt: he, his wife, all that he had, and Lot with him, into the South. And Abram goeth up from Egypt (he and his wife, and all that he hath, and Lot with him) towards the south; And Abram went up out of Egypt, he, and his wife, and all that he had, and Lot with him, into the south.
Genesis 13:2 And Abram was very rich in cattle, in silver, and in gold. And Abram was very rich in cattle, in silver, and in gold. And he was very rich in possession of gold and silver. And Abram was very rich in cattle, in silver, and in gold. And Abram was very rich in cattle, in silver, and in gold. And Abram was very rich in cattle, in silver, and in gold. Abram was very rich in livestock, in silver, and in gold. And Abram is exceedingly wealthy in cattle, in silver, and in gold. And Abram was very rich in cattle, in silver, and in gold.
Genesis 13:3 And he went on his journeys from the south even to Bethel, unto the place where his tent had been at the beginning, between Bethel and Hai; And he went on his journeys from the South even to Beth-el, unto the place where his tent had been at the beginning, between Beth-el and Ai, And he returned by the way that he came, from the south to Bethel, to the place where before he had pitched his tent between Bethel and Hai:  And he went on his journeys from the south as far as Bethel; as far as the place where his tent had been at the beginning, between Bethel and Ai; And he went on his journeys from the South even to Beth-el, unto the place where his tent had been at the beginning, between Beth-el and Ai; And he went on his journeys from the south even to Beth-el, to the place where his tent had been at the beginning, between Beth-el and Hai; He went on his journeys from the South even to Bethel, to the place where his tent had been at the beginning, between Bethel and Ai, And he goeth on his journeyings from the south, even unto Bethel, unto the place where his tent had been at the commencement, between Bethel and Hai &#8212;  And he went on his journeys from the south even to Bethel, to the place where his tent had been at the beginning, between Bethel and Hai; 
Genesis 13:4 Unto the place of the altar, which he had made there at the first: and there Abram called on the name of the LORD.unto the place of the altar, which he had made there at the first: and there Abram called on the name of Jehovah.In the place of the altar which he had made before; and there he called upon the name of the Lord. to the place of the altar that he had made there at the first. And there Abram called on the name of Jehovah.unto the place of the altar, which he had made there at the first: and there Abram called on the name of the LORD. To the place of the altar, which he had made there at the first: and there Abram called on the name of the LORD. To the place of the altar, which he had made there at the first. There Abram called on the name of Yahweh.unto the place of the altar which he made there at the first, and there doth Abram preach in the name of Jehovah. To the place of the altar, which he had make there at the first: and there Abram called on the name of the LORD.
Genesis 13:5 And Lot also, which went with Abram, had flocks, and herds, and tents. And Lot also, who went with Abram, had flocks, and herds, and tents.But Lot also, who was with Abram, had flocks of sheep, and herds of beasts, and tents. And Lot also who went with Abram had flocks, and herds, and tents. And Lot also, which went with Abram, had flocks, and herds, and tents. And Lot also, who went with Abram, had flocks, and herds, and tents.Lot also, who went with Abram, had flocks, and herds, and tents. And also to Lot, who is going with Abram, there hath been sheep and oxen and tents; And Lot also, which went with Abram, had flocks, and herds, and tents.
Genesis 13:6 And the land was not able to bear them, that they might dwell together: for their substance was great, so that they could not dwell together. And the land was not able to bear them, that they might dwell together: for their substance was great, so that they could not dwell together.Neither was the land able to bear them, that they might dwell together: for their substance was great, and they could not dwell together. And the land could not support them, that they might dwell together, for their property was great; and they could not dwell together. And the land was not able to bear them, that they might dwell together: for their substance was great, so that they could not dwell together. And the land was not able to bear them, that they might dwell together: for their substance was great, so that they could not dwell together. The land was not able to bear them, that they might live together: for their substance was great, so that they could not live together. And the land hath not suffered them to dwell together, for their substance hath been much, and they have not been able to dwell together; And the land was not able to bear them, that they might dwell together: for their substance was great, so that they could not dwell together.
Genesis 13:7 And there was a strife between the herdmen of Abram's cattle and the herdmen of Lot's cattle: and the Canaanite and the Perizzite dwelled then in the land. And there was a strife between the herdsmen of Abram's cattle and the herdsmen of Lot's cattle: and the Canaanite and the Perizzite dwelt then in the land.Whereupon also there arose a strife between the herdsmen of Abram and of Lot. And at that time the Chanaanite and the Pherezite dwelled in that country. And there was strife between the herdsmen of Abram's cattle and the herdsmen of Lot's cattle. And the Canaanite and the Perizzite were dwelling then in the land. And there was a strife between the herdmen of Abram's cattle and the herdmen of Lot's cattle: and the Canaanite and the Perizzite dwelled then in the land. And there was a strife between the herdmen of Abram's cattle and the herdmen of Lot's cattle: and the Canaanite and the Perizzite dwelt then in the land. There was a strife between the herdsmen of Abram's livestock and the herdsmen of Lot's livestock: and the Canaanite and the Perizzite lived in the land at that time. And there is a strife between those feeding Abram's cattle and those feeding Lot's cattle; and the Canaanite and the Perizzite are then dwelling in the land. And there was a strife between the herdsmen of Abram's cattle and the herdsmen of Lot's cattle: and the Canaanite and the Perizzite dwelled then in the land.
Genesis 13:8 And Abram said unto Lot, Let there be no strife, I pray thee, between me and thee, and between my herdmen and thy herdmen; for we be brethren. And Abram said unto Lot, Let there be no strife, I pray thee, between me and thee, and between my herdsmen and thy herdsmen; for we are brethren. Abram therefore said to Lot: Let there be no quarrel, I beseech thee, between me and thee, and between my herdsmen and thy herdsmen: for we are brethren. And Abram said to Lot, I pray thee let there be no contention between me and thee, and between my herdsmen and thy herdsmen, for we are brethren. And Abram said unto Lot, Let there be no strife, I pray thee, between me and thee, and between my herdmen and thy herdmen; for we are brethren. And Abram said to Lot, Let there be no strife, I pray thee, between me and thee, and between my herdmen and thy herdmen; for we are brethren. Abram said to Lot, "Please, let there be no strife between me and you, and between my herdsmen and your herdsmen; for we are relatives. And Abram saith unto Lot, 'Let there not, I pray thee, be strife between me and thee, and between my shepherds and thy shepherds, for we are men &#8212; brethren. And Abram said to Lot, Let there be no strife, I pray you, between me and you, and between my herdsmen and your herdsmen; for we be brothers.
Genesis 13:9 Is not the whole land before thee? separate thyself, I pray thee, from me: if thou wilt take the left hand, then I will go to the right; or if thou depart to the right hand, then I will go to the left.Is not the whole land before thee? separate thyself, I pray thee, from me. If thou wilt take the left hand, then I will go to the right. Or if thou take the right hand, then I will go to the left.Behold the whole land is before thee: depart from me I pray thee: if thou wilt go to the left hand, I will take the right: if thou choose the right hand, I will pass to the left. Is not the whole land before thee? Separate thyself, I pray thee, from me: if to the left, then I will take the right; and if to the right, then I will take the left.Is not the whole land before thee? separate thyself, I pray thee, from me: if thou wilt take the left hand, then I will go to the right; or if thou take the right hand, then I will go to the left.Is not the whole land before thee? Separate thyself, I pray thee, from me: if thou wilt take the left hand, then I will go to the right; or if thou wilt depart to the right hand, then I will go to the left.Isn't the whole land before you? Please separate yourself from me. If you go to the left hand, then I will go to the right. Or if you go to the right hand, then I will go to the left." Is not all the land before thee? be parted, I pray thee, from me; if to the left, then I to the right; and if to the right, then I to the left.' Is not the whole land before you? separate yourself, I pray you, from me: if you will take the left hand, then I will go to the right; or if you depart to the right hand, then I will go to the left.
Genesis 13:10 And Lot lifted up his eyes, and beheld all the plain of Jordan, that it was well watered every where, before the LORD destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah, even as the garden of the LORD, like the land of Egypt, as thou comest unto Zoar. And Lot lifted up his eyes, and beheld all the Plain of the Jordan, that it was well watered every where, before Jehovah destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah, like the garden of Jehovah, like the land of Egypt, as thou goest unto Zoar. And Lot, lifting up his eyes, saw all the country about the Jordan, which was watered throughout, before the Lord destroyed Sodom and Gomorrha, as the paradise of the Lord, and like Egypt as one comes to Segor. And Lot lifted up his eyes, and beheld all the plain of the Jordan that it was thoroughly watered, before Jehovah had destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah; as the garden of Jehovah, like the land of Egypt, as one goes to Zoar. And Lot lifted up his eyes, and beheld all the Plain of Jordan, that it was well watered every where, before the LORD destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah, like the garden of the LORD, like the land of Egypt, as thou goest unto Zoar. And Lot lifted up his eyes, and beheld all the plain of Jordan, that it was well watered every where, before the LORD destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah, even as the garden of the LORD, like the land of Egypt, as thou comest to Zoar.Lot lifted up his eyes, and saw all the plain of the Jordan, that it was well-watered everywhere, before Yahweh destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah, like the garden of Yahweh, like the land of Egypt, as you go to Zoar. And Lot lifteth up his eyes, and seeth the whole circuit of the Jordan that it is all a watered country (before Jehovah's destroying Sodom and Gomorrah, as Jehovah's garden, as the land of Egypt,) in thy coming toward Zoar, And Lot lifted up his eyes, and beheld all the plain of Jordan, that it was well watered every where, before the LORD destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah, even as the garden of the LORD, like the land of Egypt, as you come to Zoar.
Genesis 13:11 Then Lot chose him all the plain of Jordan; and Lot journeyed east: and they separated themselves the one from the other. So Lot chose him all the Plain of the Jordan; and Lot journeyed east: and they separated themselves the one from the other. And Lot chose to himself the country about the Jordan, and he departed from the east: and they were separated one brother from the other. And Lot chose for himself all the plain of the Jordan; and Lot went toward the east. And they separated the one from the other: So Lot chose him all the Plain of Jordan; and Lot journeyed east: and they separated themselves the one from the other. Then Lot chose him all the plain of Jordan; and Lot journeyed east: and they separated themselves the one from the other. So Lot chose the Plain of the Jordan for himself. Lot traveled east, and they separated themselves the one from the other. And Lot chooseth for himself the whole circuit of the Jordan; and Lot journeyeth from the east, and they are parted &#8212; a man from his companion; Then Lot chose him all the plain of Jordan; and Lot journeyed east: and they separated themselves the one from the other.
Genesis 13:12 Abram dwelled in the land of Canaan, and Lot dwelled in the cities of the plain, and pitched his tent toward Sodom. Abram dwelt in the land of Canaan, and Lot dwelt in the cities of the Plain, and moved his tent as far as Sodom. Abram dwelt in the land of Chanaan; and Lot abode in the towns that were about the Jordan, and dwelt in Sodom. Abram dwelt in the land of Canaan; and Lot dwelt in the cities of the plain, and pitched tents as far as Sodom. Abram dwelled in the land of Canaan, and Lot dwelled in the cities of the Plain, and moved his tent as far as Sodom. Abram dwelt in the land of Canaan, and Lot dwelt in the cities of the plain, and pitched his tent towards Sodom. Abram lived in the land of Canaan, and Lot lived in the cities of the plain, and moved his tent as far as Sodom. Abram hath dwelt in the land of Canaan, and Lot hath dwelt in the cities of the circuit, and tenteth unto Sodom; Abram dwelled in the land of Canaan, and Lot dwelled in the cities of the plain, and pitched his tent toward Sodom.
Genesis 13:13 But the men of Sodom were wicked and sinners before the LORD exceedingly.Now the men of Sodom were wicked and sinners against Jehovah exceedingly. And the men of Sodom were very wicked, and sinners before the face of the Lord, beyond measure. And the people of Sodom were wicked, and great sinners before Jehovah.Now the men of Sodom were wicked and sinners against the LORD exceedingly.But the men of Sodom were wicked, and sinners before the LORD, exceedingly.Now the men of Sodom were exceedingly wicked and sinners against Yahweh. And the men of Sodom are evil, and sinners before Jehovah exceedingly.But the men of Sodom were wicked and sinners before the LORD exceedingly.
Genesis 13:14 And the LORD said unto Abram, after that Lot was separated from him, Lift up now thine eyes, and look from the place where thou art northward, and southward, and eastward, and westward: And Jehovah said unto Abram, after that Lot was separated from him, Lift up now thine eyes, and look from the place where thou art, northward and southward and eastward and westward: And the Lord said to Abram, after Lot was separated from him: Lift up thy eyes, and look from the place wherein thou now art, to the north and to the south, to the east and to the west. And Jehovah said to Abram, after that Lot had separated himself from him, Lift up now thine eyes, and look from the place where thou art, northward and southward and eastward and westward; And the LORD said unto Abram, after that Lot was separated from him, Lift up now thine eyes, and look from the place where thou art, northward and southward and eastward and westward: And the LORD said to Abram, after Lot was separated from him, Lift up now thine eyes, and look from the place where thou art, northward, and southward, and eastward, and westward: Yahweh said to Abram, after Lot was separated from him, "Now, lift up your eyes, and look from the place where you are, northward and southward and eastward and westward, And Jehovah said unto Abram, after Lot's being parted from him, 'Lift up, I pray thee, thine eyes, and look from the place where thou art, northward, and southward, and eastward, and westward; And the LORD said to Abram, after that Lot was separated from him, Lift up now your eyes, and look from the place where you are northward, and southward, and eastward, and westward: 
Genesis 13:15 For all the land which thou seest, to thee will I give it, and to thy seed for ever.for all the land which thou seest, to thee will I give it, and to thy seed for ever. All the land which thou seest, I will give to thee, and to thy seed for ever. for all the land that thou seest will I give to thee, and to thy seed for ever.for all the land which thou seest, to thee will I give it, and to thy seed for ever.For all the land which thou seest, to thee will I give it, and to thy seed for ever.for all the land which you see, I will give to you, and to your offspring forever.for the whole of the land which thou are seeing, to thee I give it, and to thy seed &#8212; to the age.For all the land which you see, to you will I give it, and to your seed for ever.
Genesis 13:16 And I will make thy seed as the dust of the earth: so that if a man can number the dust of the earth, then shall thy seed also be numbered. And I will make thy seed as the dust of the earth: So that if a man can number the dust of the earth, then may thy seed also be numbered. And I will make thy seed as the dust of the earth: if any man be able to number the dust of the earth, he shall be able to number thy seed also. And I will make thy seed as the dust of the earth, so that if any one can number the dust of the earth, thy seed also will be numbered. And I will make thy seed as the dust of the earth: so that if a man can number the dust of the earth, then shall thy seed also be numbered. And I will make thy seed as the dust of the earth: so that if a man can number the dust of the earth, then shall thy seed also be numbered.I will make your offspring as the dust of the earth, so that if a man can number the dust of the earth, then your seed may also be numbered. And I have set thy seed as dust of the earth, so that, if one is able to number the dust of the earth, even thy seed is numbered; And I will make your seed as the dust of the earth: so that if a man can number the dust of the earth, then shall your seed also be numbered.
Genesis 13:17 Arise, walk through the land in the length of it and in the breadth of it; for I will give it unto thee. Arise, walk through the land in the length of it and in the breadth of it; for unto thee will I give it. Arise and walk through the land in the length, and in the breadth thereof: for I will give it to thee. Arise, walk through the land according to the length of it and according to the breadth of it; for I will give it to thee. Arise, walk through the land in the length of it and in the breadth of it; for unto thee will I give it. Arise, walk through the land in the length of it and in the breadth of it; for I will give it to thee. Arise, walk through the land in its length and in its breadth; for I will give it to you." rise, go up and down through the land, to its length, and to its breadth, for to thee I give it.' Arise, walk through the land in the length of it and in the breadth of it; for I will give it to you.
Genesis 13:18 Then Abram removed his tent, and came and dwelt in the plain of Mamre, which is in Hebron, and built there an altar unto the LORD. And Abram moved his tent, and came and dwelt by the oaks of Mamre, which are in Hebron, and built there an altar unto Jehovah. So Abram removing his tent came and dwelt by the vale of Mambre, which is in Hebron: and he built there an altar to the Lord. Then Abram moved his tents, and came and dwelt by the oaks of Mamre, which are in Hebron. And he built there an altar to Jehovah. And Abram moved his tent, and came and dwelt by the oaks of Mamre, which are in Hebron, and built there an altar unto the LORD. Then Abram removed his tent, and came and dwelt in the plain of Mamre, which is in Hebron, and built there an altar to the LORD. Abram moved his tent, and came and lived by the oaks of Mamre, which are in Hebron, and built an altar there to Yahweh. And Abram tenteth, and cometh, and dwelleth among the oaks of Mamre, which are in Hebron, and buildeth there an altar to Jehovah. Then Abram removed his tent, and came and dwelled in the plain of Mamre, which is in Hebron, and built there an altar to the LORD.
Genesis 14:1 And it came to pass in the days of Amraphel king of Shinar, Arioch king of Ellasar, Chedorlaomer king of Elam, and Tidal king of nations; And it came to pass in the days of Amraphel king of Shinar, Arioch king of Ellasar, Chedorlaomer king of Elam, and Tidal king of Goiim, And it came to pass at that time, that Amraphel king of Sennaar, and Arioch king of Pontus, and Chodorlahomor king of the Elamites, and Thadal king of nations,  And it came to pass in the days of Amraphel the king of Shinar, Arioch the king of El-lasar, Chedorlaomer the king of Elam, and Tidal the king of nations, And it came to pass in the days of Amraphel king of Shinar, Arioch king of Ellasar, Chedorlaomer king of Elam, and Tidal king of Goiim, And it came to pass in the days of Amraphel, king of Shinar, Arioch king of Ellasar, Chedorlaomer king of Elam, and Tidal king of nations; It happened in the days of Amraphel, king of Shinar, Arioch, king of Ellasar, Chedorlaomer, king of Elam, and Tidal, king of Goiim, And it cometh to pass in the days of Amraphel king of Shinar, Arioch king of Ellasar, Chedorlaomer king of Elam, and Tidal king of Goyim, And it came to pass in the days of Amraphel king of Shinar, Arioch king of Ellasar, Chedorlaomer king of Elam, and Tidal king of nations; 
Genesis 14:2 That these made war with Bera king of Sodom, and with Birsha king of Gomorrah, Shinab king of Admah, and Shemeber king of Zeboiim, and the king of Bela, which is Zoar. That they made war with Bera king of Sodom, and with Birsha king of Gomorrah, Shinab king of Admah, and Shemeber king of Zeboiim, and the king of Bela (the same is Zoar).Made war against Bara king of Sodom, and against Bersa king of Gomorrha, and against Sennaab king of Adama, and against Semeber king of Seboim, and against the king of Bala, which is Segor. that they made war with Bera the king of Sodom, and with Birsha the king of Gomorrah, Shinab the king of Admah, and Shemeber the king of Zeboim, and the king of Bela, which is Zoar. That they made war with Bera king of Sodom, and with Birsha king of Gomorrah, Shinab king of Admah, and Shemeber king of Zeboiim, and the king of Bela (the same is Zoar). That these made war with Bera king of Sodom, and with Birsha king of Gomorrah, Shinab king of Admah, and Shemeber king of Zeboiim, and the king of Bela, which is Zoar. That they made war with Bera, king of Sodom, and with Birsha, king of Gomorrah, Shinab, king of Admah, and Shemeber, king of Zeboiim, and the king of Bela (the same is Zoar). They have made war with Bera king of Sodom, and with Birsha king of Gomorrah, Shinab king of Admah, and Shemeber king of Zeboim, and the king of Bela, which is Zoar. That these made war with Bera king of Sodom, and with Birsha king of Gomorrah, Shinab king of Admah, and Shemeber king of Zeboiim, and the king of Bela, which is Zoar.
Genesis 14:3 All these were joined together in the vale of Siddim, which is the salt sea. All these joined together in the vale of Siddim (the same is the Salt Sea). All these came together into the woodland vale, which now is the salt sea. All these were joined in the vale of Siddim, which is the salt sea. All these joined together in the vale of Siddim (the same is the Salt Sea). All these were joined together in the vale of Siddim, which is the salt sea. All these joined together in the valley of Siddim (the same is the Salt Sea). All these have been joined together unto the valley of Siddim, which is the Salt Sea; All these were joined together in the vale of Siddim, which is the salt sea.
Genesis 14:4 Twelve years they served Chedorlaomer, and in the thirteenth year they rebelled. Twelve years they served Chedorlaomer, and in the thirteenth year they rebelled.For they had served Chodorlahomor twelve years, and in the thirteenth year they revolted from him. Twelve years had they served Chedorlaomer; and in the thirteenth year they rebelled. Twelve years they served Chedorlaomer, and in the thirteenth year they rebelled. Twelve years they served Chedorlaomer, and in the thirteenth year they rebelled. Twelve years they served Chedorlaomer, and in the thirteenth year, they rebelled. Twelve years they served Chedorlaomer, and the thirteenth year they rebelled. Twelve years they served Chedorlaomer, and in the thirteenth year they rebelled.
Genesis 14:5 And in the fourteenth year came Chedorlaomer, and the kings that were with him, and smote the Rephaims in Ashteroth Karnaim, and the Zuzims in Ham, and the Emims in Shaveh Kiriathaim, And in the fourteenth year came Chedorlaomer, and the kings that were with him, and smote the Rephaim in Ashteroth-karnaim, and the Zuzim in Ham, and the Emim in Shaveh-kiriathaim, And in the fourteenth year came Chodorlahomor, and the kings that were with him: and they smote the Raphaim in Astarothcarnaim, and the Zuzim with them, and the Emim in Save of Cariathaim. And in the fourteenth year came Chedorlaomer and the kings that were with him, and smote the Rephaim in Ashteroth-karnaim, and the Zuzim in Ham, and the Emim in Shaveh-Kirjathaim, And in the fourteenth year came Chedorlaomer, and the kings that were with him, and smote the Rephaim in Ashteroth-karnaim, and the Zuzim in Ham, and the Emim in Shaveh-kiriathaim, And in the fourteenth year came Chedorlaomer, and the kings that were with him, and smote the Rephaims in Ashteroth Karnaim, and the Zuzims in Ham, and the Emins in Shaveh Kiriathaim, In the fourteenth year Chedorlaomer came, and the kings who were with him, and struck the Rephaim in Ashteroth Karnaim, and the Zuzim in Ham, and the Emim in Shaveh Kiriathaim, And in the fourteenth year came Chedorlaomer, and the kings who are with him, and they smite the Rephaim in Ashteroth Karnaim, and the Zuzim in Ham, and the Emim in Shaveh Kiriathaim, And in the fourteenth year came Chedorlaomer, and the kings that were with him, and smote the Rephaims in Ashteroth Karnaim, and the Zuzims in Ham, and the Emins in Shaveh Kiriathaim, 
Genesis 14:6 And the Horites in their mount Seir, unto Elparan, which is by the wilderness. And the Horites in their mount Seir, unto Elparan, which is by the wilderness. And the Chorreans in the mountains of Seir, even to the plains of Pharan, which is in the wilderness. and the Horites on their mount Seir, to El-Paran, which is by the wilderness. And the Horites in their mount Seir, unto El-paran, which is by the wilderness. And the Horites in their mount Seir, to El-paran, which is by the wilderness. And the Horites in their Mount Seir, to Elparan, which is by the wilderness. And the Horites in their mount Seir, unto El-Paran, which is by the wilderness; And the Horites in their mount Seir, to Elparan, which is by the wilderness.
Genesis 14:7 And they returned, and came to Enmishpat, which is Kadesh, and smote all the country of the Amalekites, and also the Amorites, that dwelt in Hazezontamar. And they returned, and came to En-mishpat (the same is Kadesh), and smote all the country of the Amalekites, and also the Amorites, that dwelt in Hazazon-tamar. And they returned, and came to the fountain of Misphat, the same is Cades: and they smote all the country of the Amalecites, and the Amorrhean that dwelt in Asasonthamar. And they returned, and came to En-mishpat, which is Kadesh, and smote all the country of the Amalekites, and also the Amorites that dwelt at Hazazon-Tamar. And they returned, and came to En-mishpat (the same is Kadesh), and smote all the country of the Amalekites, and also the Amorites, that dwelt in Hazazon-tamar. And they returned, and came to En-mishpat, which is Kadesh, and smote all the country of the Amalekites, and also the Amorites, that dwelt in Hazezontamar. They returned, and came to En Mishpat (the same is Kadesh), and struck all the country of the Amalekites, and also the Amorites, that lived in Hazazon Tamar. And they turn back and come in unto En-Mishpat, which is Kadesh, and smite the whole field of the Amalekite, and also the Amorite who is dwelling in Hazezon-Tamar. And they returned, and came to Enmishpat, which is Kadesh, and smote all the country of the Amalekites, and also the Amorites, that dwelled in Hazezontamar.
Genesis 14:8 And there went out the king of Sodom, and the king of Gomorrah, and the king of Admah, and the king of Zeboiim, and the king of Bela (the same is Zoar;) and they joined battle with them in the vale of Siddim; And there went out the king of Sodom, and the king of Gomorrah, and the king of Admah, and the king of Zeboiim, and the king of Bela (the same is Zoar); and they set the battle in array against them in the vale of Siddim; And the king of Sodom, and the king of Gomorrha, and the king of Adama, and the king of Seboim, and the king of Bala, which is Segor, went out: and they set themselves against them in battle array in the woodland vale:  And the king of Sodom and the king of Gomorrah, and the king of Admah, and the king of Zeboim, and the king of Bela, which is Zoar, went out, and they joined battle with them in the vale of Siddim, And there went out the king of Sodom, and the king of Gomorrah, and the king of Admah, and the king of Zeboiim, and the king of Bela (the same is Zoar); and they set the battle in array against them in the vale of Siddim; And there went out the king of Sodom, and the king of Gomorrah, and the king of Admah, and the king of Zeboiim, and the king of Bela, (the same is Zoar;) and they joined battle with them in the vale of Siddim; The king of Sodom, and the king of Gomorrah, and the king of Admah, and the king of Zeboiim, and the king of Bela (the same is Zoar) went out; and they set the battle in array against them in the valley of Siddim; And the king of Sodom goeth out, and the king of Gomorrah, and the king of Admah, and the king of Zeboim, and the king of Bela, which is Zoar; and they set the battle in array with them in the valley of Siddim, And there went out the king of Sodom, and the king of Gomorrah, and the king of Admah, and the king of Zeboiim, and the king of Bela (the same is Zoar;) and they joined battle with them in the vale of Siddim; 
Genesis 14:9 With Chedorlaomer the king of Elam, and with Tidal king of nations, and Amraphel king of Shinar, and Arioch king of Ellasar; four kings with five. Against Chedorlaomer king of Elam, and Tidal king of Goiim, and Amraphel king of Shinar, and Arioch king of Ellasar; four kings against the five. To wit, against Chodorlahomor king of the Elamites, and Thadal king of nations, and Amraphel king of Sennaar, and Arioch king of Pontus: four kings against five. with Chedorlaomer the king of Elam, and Tidal the king of nations, and Amraphel the king of Shinar, and Arioch the king of Ellasar four kings with the five. Against Chedorlaomer king of Elam, and Tidal king of Goiim, and Amraphel king of Shinar, and Arioch king of Ellasar; four kings against the five.With Chedorlaomer the king of Elam, and with Tidal king of nations, and Amraphel king of Shinar, and Arioch king of Ellasar; four kings with five. Against Chedorlaomer king of Elam, and Tidal king of Goiim, and Amraphel king of Shinar, and Arioch king of Ellasar; four kings against the five.with Chedorlaomer king of Elam, and Tidal king of Goyim, and Amraphel king of Shinar, and Arioch king of Ellasar; four kings with the five.With Chedorlaomer the king of Elam, and with Tidal king of nations, and Amraphel king of Shinar, and Arioch king of Ellasar; four kings with five.
Genesis 14:10 And the vale of Siddim was full of slimepits; and the kings of Sodom and Gomorrah fled, and fell there; and they that remained fled to the mountain.Now the vale of Siddim was full of slime pits; and the kings of Sodom and Gomorrah fled, and they fell there, and they that remained fled to the mountain.Now the woodland vale had many pits of slime. And the king of Sodom, and the king of Gomorrha turned their backs and were overthrown there: and they that remained fled to the mountain. And the vale of Siddim was full of pits of asphalt. And the kings of Sodom and Gomorrah fled, and fell there: and they that remained fled to the mountain.Now the vale of Siddim was full of slime pits; and the kings of Sodom and Gomorrah fled, and they fell there, and they that remained fled to the mountain. And the vale of Siddim was full of slime-pits; and the kings of Sodom and Gomorrah fled, and fell there: and they that remained fled to the mountain.Now the valley of Siddim was full of tar pits; and the kings of Sodom and Gomorrah fled, and they fell there, and those who remained fled to the hills. And the valley of Siddim is full of bitumen-pits; and the kings of Sodom and Gomorrah flee, and fall there, and those left have fled to the mountain. And the vale of Siddim was full of slime pits; and the kings of Sodom and Gomorrah fled, and fell there; and they that remained fled to the mountain.
Genesis 14:11 And they took all the goods of Sodom and Gomorrah, and all their victuals, and went their way. And they took all the goods of Sodom and Gomorrah, and all their victuals, and went their way. And they took all the substance of the Sodomites, and Gomorrhites, and all their victuals, and went their way:  And they took all the property of Sodom and Gomorrah, and all their victuals, and departed. And they took all the goods of Sodom and Gomorrah, and all their victuals, and went their way. And they took all the goods of Sodom and Gomorrah, and all their provisions, and went their way. They took all the goods of Sodom and Gomorrah, and all their food, and went their way. And they take the whole substance of Sodom and Gomorrah, and the whole of their food, and go away; And they took all the goods of Sodom and Gomorrah, and all their victuals, and went their way.
Genesis 14:12 And they took Lot, Abram's brother's son, who dwelt in Sodom, and his goods, and departed. And they took Lot, Abram's brother's son, who dwelt in Sodom, and his goods, and departed. And Lot also, the son of Abram's brother, who dwelt in Sodom, and his substance. And they took Lot and his property, Abram's brother's son, and departed. For he dwelt in Sodom. And they took Lot, Abram's brother's son, who dwelt in Sodom, and his goods, and departed. And they took Lot, Abram's brother's son, who dwelt in Sodom, and his goods, and departed. They took Lot, Abram's brother's son, who lived in Sodom, and his goods, and departed. And they take Lot, Abram's brother's son (seeing he is dwelling in Sodom), and his substance, and go away. And they took Lot, Abram's brother's son, who dwelled in Sodom, and his goods, and departed.
Genesis 14:13 And there came one that had escaped, and told Abram the Hebrew; for he dwelt in the plain of Mamre the Amorite, brother of Eshcol, and brother of Aner: and these were confederate with Abram. And there came one that had escaped, and told Abram the Hebrew: now he dwelt by the oaks of Mamre, the Amorite, brother of Eshcol, and brother of Aner; and these were confederate with Abram. And behold one that had escaped told Abram the Hebrew, who dwelt in the vale of Mambre the Amorrhite, the brother of Escol, and the brother of Aner: for these had made league with Abram. And one who had escaped came and told Abram the Hebrew. And he dwelt by the oaks of Mamre the Amorite, the brother of Eshcol, and the brother of Aner. And these were Abram's allies. And there came one that had escaped, and told Abram the Hebrew: now he dwelt by the oaks of Mamre the Amorite, brother of Eshcol, and brother of Aner; and these were confederate with Abram. And there came one that had escaped, and told Abram the Hebrew; for he dwelt in the plain of Mamre the Amorite, brother of Eshcol, and brother of Aner: and these were confederate with Abram.One who had escaped came and told Abram, the Hebrew. Now he lived by the oaks of Mamre, the Amorite, brother of Eshcol, and brother of Aner; and these were allies of Abram. And one who is escaping cometh and declareth to Abram the Hebrew, and he is dwelling among the oaks of Mamre the Amorite, brother of Eshcol, and brother of Aner, and they are Abram's allies. And there came one that had escaped, and told Abram the Hebrew; for he dwelled in the plain of Mamre the Amorite, brother of Eshcol, and brother of Aner: and these were confederate with Abram.
Genesis 14:14 And when Abram heard that his brother was taken captive, he armed his trained servants, born in his own house, three hundred and eighteen, and pursued them unto Dan. And when Abram heard that his brother was taken captive, he led forth his trained men, born in his house, three hundred and eighteen, and pursued as far as Dan.Which when Abram had heard, to wit, that his brother Lot was taken, he numbered of the servants born in his house, three hundred and eighteen well appointed: and pursued them to Dan. And Abram heard that his brother was taken captive; and he led out his trained servants, born in his house, three hundred and eighteen, and pursued them as far as Dan. And when Abram heard that his brother was taken captive, he led forth his trained men, born in his house, three hundred and eighteen, and pursued as far as Dan. And when Abram heard that his brother was taken captive, he armed his trained servants, born in his own house, three hundred and eighteen, and pursued them to Dan.When Abram heard that his relative was taken captive, he led forth his trained men, born in his house, three hundred and eighteen, and pursued as far as Dan. And Abram heareth that his brother hath been taken captive, and he draweth out his trained domestics, three hundred and eighteen, and pursueth unto Dan. And when Abram heard that his brother was taken captive, he armed his trained servants, born in his own house, three hundred and eighteen, and pursued them to Dan.
Genesis 14:15 And he divided himself against them, he and his servants, by night, and smote them, and pursued them unto Hobah, which is on the left hand of Damascus. And he divided himself against them by night, he and his servants, and smote them, and pursued them unto Hobah, which is on the left hand of Damascus. And dividing his company, he rushed upon them in the night: and defeated them, and pursued them as far as Hoba, which is on the left hand of Damascus. And he divided himself against them by night, he and his servants, and smote them, and pursued them as far as Hobah, which is to the left of Damascus. And he divided himself against them by night, he and his servants, and smote them, and pursued them unto Hobah, which is on the left hand of Damascus. And he divided himself against them, he and his servants by night, and smote them, and pursued them to Hobah, which is on the left hand of Damascus.He divided himself against them by night, he and his servants, and struck them, and pursued them to Hobah, which is on the left hand of Damascus. And he divideth himself against them by night, he and his servants, and smiteth them, and pursueth them unto Hobah, which is at the left of Damascus; And he divided himself against them, he and his servants, by night, and smote them, and pursued them to Hobah, which is on the left hand of Damascus.
Genesis 14:16 And he brought back all the goods, and also brought again his brother Lot, and his goods, and the women also, and the people. And he brought back all the goods, and also brought back his brother Lot, and his goods, and the women also, and the people. And he brought back all the substance, and Lot his brother, with his substance, the women also the people. And he brought back all the property, and brought again his brother Lot and his property, and the women also, and the people. And he brought back all the goods, and also brought again his brother Lot, and his goods, and the women also, and the people. And he brought back all the goods, and also brought again his brother Lot, and his goods, and the women also, and the people.He brought back all the goods, and also brought back his relative, Lot, and his goods, and the women also, and the people. And he bringeth back the whole of the substance, and also Lot his brother and his substance hath he brought back, and also the women and the people. And he brought back all the goods, and also brought again his brother Lot, and his goods, and the women also, and the people.
Genesis 14:17 And the king of Sodom went out to meet him after his return from the slaughter of Chedorlaomer, and of the kings that were with him, at the valley of Shaveh, which is the king's dale. And the king of Sodom went out to meet him, after his return from the slaughter of Chedorlaomer and the kings that were with him, at the vale of Shaveh (the same is the King's Vale). And the king of Sodom went out to meet him, after he returned from the slaughter of Chodorlahomor, and of the kings that were with him in the vale of Save, which is the king's vale. And the king of Sodom went out to meet him after he had returned from smiting Chedorlaomer, and the kings that were with him, into the valley of Shaveh, which is the king's valley. And the king of Sodom went out to meet him, after his return from the slaughter of Chedorlaomer and the kings that were with him, at the vale of Shaveh (the same is the King's Vale). And the king of Sodom went out to meet him after his return from the slaughter of Chedorlaomer, and of the kings that were with him, at the valley of Shaveh, which is the king's dale. The king of Sodom went out to meet him, after his return from the slaughter of Chedorlaomer and the kings who were with him, at the valley of Shaveh (that is, the King's Valley). And the king of Sodom goeth out to meet him (after his turning back from the smiting of Chedorlaomer, and of the kings who are with him), unto the valley of Shaveh, which is the king's valley. And the king of Sodom went out to meet him after his return from the slaughter of Chedorlaomer, and of the kings that were with him, at the valley of Shaveh, which is the king's dale.
Genesis 14:18 And Melchizedek king of Salem brought forth bread and wine: and he was the priest of the most high God. And Melchizedek king of Salem brought forth bread and wine: and he was priest of God Most High.But Melchisedech the king of Salem, bringing forth bread and wine, for he was the priest of the most high God,  And Melchisedec king of Salem brought out bread and wine. And he was priest of the Most High God. And Melchizedek king of Salem brought forth bread and wine: and he was priest of God Most High. And Melchisedek, king of Salem, brought forth bread and wine: and he was the priest of the most high God.Melchizedek king of Salem brought out bread and wine: and he was priest of God Most High. And Melchizedek king of Salem hath brought out bread and wine, and he is priest of God Most High; And Melchizedek king of Salem brought forth bread and wine: and he was the priest of the most high God.
Genesis 14:19 And he blessed him, and said, Blessed be Abram of the most high God, possessor of heaven and earth: And he blessed him, and said, Blessed be Abram of God Most High, possessor of heaven and earth: Blessed him, and said: Blessed be Abram by the most high God, who created heaven and earth. And he blessed him, and said, Blessed be Abram of the Most High God, possessor of heavens and earth. And he blessed him, and said, Blessed be Abram of God Most High, possessor of heaven and earth: And he blessed him, and said, Blessed be Abram of the most high God, possessor of heaven and earth: He blessed him, and said, "Blessed be Abram of God Most High, possessor of heaven and earth: and he blesseth him, and saith, 'Blessed is Abram to God Most High, possessing heaven and earth; And he blessed him, and said, Blessed be Abram of the most high God, possessor of heaven and earth: 
Genesis 14:20 And blessed be the most high God, which hath delivered thine enemies into thy hand. And he gave him tithes of all. And blessed be God Most High, who hath delivered thine enemies into thy hand. And he gave him a tenth of all. And blessed be the most high God, by whose protection the enemies are in thy hands. And he gace him the tithes of all. And blessed be the Most High God, who has delivered thine enemies into thy hand. And he gave him the tenth of all. And blessed be God Most High, which hath delivered thine enemies into thy hand. And he gave him a tenth of all. And blessed be the most high God, who hath delivered thy enemies into thy hand. And he gave him tithes of all. And blessed be God Most High, who has delivered your enemies into your hand." Abram gave him a tenth of all. And blessed is God Most High, who hath delivered thine adversaries into thy hand;' and he giveth to him a tenth of all. And blessed be the most high God, which has delivered your enemies into your hand. And he gave him tithes of all.
Genesis 14:21 And the king of Sodom said unto Abram, Give me the persons, and take the goods to thyself. And the king of Sodom said unto Abram, Give me the persons, and take the goods to thyself. And the king of Sodom said to Abram: Give me the persons, and the rest take to thyself. And the king of Sodom said to Abram, Give me the souls, and take the property for thyself. And the king of Sodom said unto Abram, Give me the persons, and take the goods to thyself. And the king of Sodom said to Abram, Give me the persons, and take the goods to thyself. The king of Sodom said to Abram, "Give me the people, and take the goods to yourself." And the king of Sodom saith unto Abram, 'Give to me the persons, and the substance take to thyself,' And the king of Sodom said to Abram, Give me the persons, and take the goods to yourself.
Genesis 14:22 And Abram said to the king of Sodom, I have lift up mine hand unto the LORD, the most high God, the possessor of heaven and earth, And Abram said to the king of Sodom, I have lifted up my hand unto Jehovah, God Most High, possessor of heaven and earth, And he answered him: I lift up my hand to the Lord God the most high, the possessor of heaven and earth,  And Abram said to the king of Sodom, I have lifted up my hand to Jehovah, the Most High God, possessor of heavens and earth, And Abram said to the king of Sodom, I have lift up mine hand unto the LORD, God Most High, possessor of heaven and earth, And Abram said to the king of Sodom, I have lifted my hand to the LORD, the most high God, the possessor of heaven and earth, Abram said to the king of Sodom, "I have lifted up my hand to Yahweh, God Most High, possessor of heaven and earth, and Abram saith unto the king of Sodom, 'I have lifted up my hand unto Jehovah, God Most High, possessing heaven and earth &#8212;  And Abram said to the king of Sodom, I have lift up my hand to the LORD, the most high God, the possessor of heaven and earth, 
Genesis 14:23 That I will not take from a thread even to a shoelatchet, and that I will not take any thing that is thine, lest thou shouldest say, I have made Abram rich: that I will not take a thread nor a shoe-latchet nor aught that is thine, lest thou shouldest say, I have made Abram rich: That from the very woof thread unto the shoe latchet, I will not take of any things that are thine, lest thou say I have enriched Abram:  if from a thread even to a sandal-thong, yes, if of all that is thine, I take anything ...; that thou mayest not say, I have made Abram rich; that I will not take a thread nor a shoelatchet nor aught that is thine, lest thou shouldest say, I have made Abram rich: That I will not take from a thread even to a shoe-latchet, and that I will not take any thing that is thine, lest thou shouldest say, I have made Abram rich: that I will not take a thread nor a sandal strap nor anything that is yours, lest you should say, 'I have made Abram rich.' from a thread even unto a shoe-latchet I take not of anything which thou hast, that thou say not, I &#8212; I have made Abram rich; That I will not take from a thread even to a shoelatchet, and that I will not take any thing that is yours, lest you should say, I have made Abram rich: 
Genesis 14:24 Save only that which the young men have eaten, and the portion of the men which went with me, Aner, Eshcol, and Mamre; let them take their portion. Save only that which the young men have eaten, and the portion of the men that went with me, Aner, Eshcol, and Mamre. Let them take their portion.Except such things as the young men have eaten, and the shares of the men that came with me, Aner, Escol, and Mambre: these shall take their shares. save only that which the young men have eaten, and the portion of the men that went with me, Aner, Eshcol, and Mamre, let them take their portion. Save only that which the young men have eaten, and the portion of the men which went with me; Aner, Eshcol, and Mamre, let them take their portion. Save only that which the young men have eaten, and the portion of the men who went with me, Aner, Eshcol, and Mamre; let them take their portion.I will accept nothing from you except that which the young men have eaten, and the portion of the men who went with me: Aner, Eshcol, and Mamre. Let them take their portion." save only that which the young men have eaten, and the portion of the men who have gone with me &#8212; Aner, Eshcol, and Mamre &#8212; they take their portion.' Save only that which the young men have eaten, and the portion of the men which went with me, Aner, Eshcol, and Mamre; let them take their portion.
Genesis 15:1 After these things the word of the LORD came unto Abram in a vision, saying, Fear not, Abram: I am thy shield, and thy exceeding great reward. After these things the word of Jehovah came unto Abram in a vision, saying, Fear not, Abram: I am thy shield, and thy exceeding great reward.Now when these things were done, the word of the Lord came to Abram by a vision, saying: Fear not, Abram, I am thy protector, and thy reward exceeding great. After these things the word of Jehovah came to Abram in a vision, saying, Fear not, Abram; I am thy shield, thy exceeding great reward. After these things the word of the LORD came unto Abram in a vision, saying, Fear not, Abram: I am thy shield, and thy exceeding great reward. After these things the word of the LORD came to Abram in a vision, saying, Fear not, Abram: I am thy shield, and thy exceeding great reward. After these things the word of Yahweh came to Abram in a vision, saying, "Don't be afraid, Abram. I am your shield, your exceedingly great reward." After these things hath the word of Jehovah been unto Abram in a vision, saying, 'Fear not, Abram, I am a shield to thee, thy reward is exceeding great.' After these things the word of the LORD came to Abram in a vision, saying, Fear not, Abram: I am your shield, and your exceeding great reward.
Genesis 15:2 And Abram said, Lord GOD, what wilt thou give me, seeing I go childless, and the steward of my house is this Eliezer of Damascus? And Abram said, O Lord Jehovah, what wilt thou give me, seeing I go childless, and he that shall be possessor of my house is Eliezer of Damascus? And Abram said: Lord God, what wilt thou give me? I shall go without children: and the son of the steward of my house is this Damascus Eliezer. And Abram said, Lord Jehovah, what wilt thou give me? seeing I go childless, and the steward of my house is this Eliezer of Damascus. And Abram said, O Lord GOD, what wilt thou give me, seeing I go childless, and he that shall be possessor of my house is Dammesek Eliezer? And Abram said, Lord GOD, what wilt thou give me, seeing I go childless, and the steward of my house is this Eliezer of Damascus? Abram said, "Lord Yahweh, what will you give me, since I go childless, and he who will inherit my estate is Eliezer of Damascus?" And Abram saith, 'Lord Jehovah, what dost Thou give to me, and I am going childless? and an acquired son in my house is Demmesek Eliezer.' And Abram said, LORD God, what will you give me, seeing I go childless, and the steward of my house is this Eliezer of Damascus? 
Genesis 15:3 And Abram said, Behold, to me thou hast given no seed: and, lo, one born in my house is mine heir. And Abram said, Behold, to me thou hast given no seed: and, lo, one born in my house is mine heir. And Abram added: But to me thou hast not given seed: and lo my servant, born in my house, shall be my heir. And Abram said, Lo, to me thou hast given no seed, and behold, a son of my house will be mine heir. And Abram said, Behold, to me thou hast given no seed: and, lo, one born in my house is mine heir. And Abram said, Behold, to me thou hast given no seed: and lo, one born in my house is my heir. Abram said, "Behold, to me you have given no seed: and, behold, one born in my house is my heir." And Abram saith, 'Lo, to me Thou hast not given seed, and lo, a domestic doth heir me.' And Abram said, Behold, to me you have given no seed: and, see, one born in my house is my heir.
Genesis 15:4 And, behold, the word of the LORD came unto him, saying, This shall not be thine heir; but he that shall come forth out of thine own bowels shall be thine heir. And, behold, the word of Jehovah came unto him, saying, This man shall not be thine heir; But he that shall come forth out of thine own bowels shall be thine heir. And immediately the word of the Lord came to him, saying: He shall not be thy heir: but he that shall come out of thy bowels, him shalt thou have for thy heir. And behold, the word of Jehovah came to him, saying, This shall not be thine heir, but he that will come forth out of thy body shall be thine heir. And, behold, the word of the LORD came unto him, saying, This man shall not be thine heir; but he that shall come forth out of thine own bowels shall be thine heir. And behold, the word of the LORD came to him, saying, This shall not be thy heir; but he that shall come forth out of thy own bowels shall be thy heir.Behold, the word of Yahweh came to him, saying, "This man will not be your heir, but he who will come forth out of your own body will be your heir." And lo, the word of Jehovah is unto him, saying, 'This one doth not heir thee; but he who cometh out from thy bowels, he doth heir thee;' And, behold, the word of the LORD came to him, saying, This shall not be your heir; but he that shall come forth out of your own bowels shall be your heir.
Genesis 15:5 And he brought him forth abroad, and said, Look now toward heaven, and tell the stars, if thou be able to number them: and he said unto him, So shall thy seed be. And he brought him forth abroad, and said, Look now toward heaven, and number the stars, if thou be able to number them: and he said unto him, So shall thy seed be. And he thought him forth abroad, and said to him: Look up to heaven and number the stars, if thou canst. And he said to him: So shall thy seed be. And he led him out, and said, Look now toward the heavens, and number the stars, if thou be able to number them. And he said to him, So shall thy seed be! And he brought him forth abroad, and said, Look now toward heaven, and tell the stars, if thou be able to tell them: and he said unto him, So shall thy seed be. And he brought him forth abroad, and said, Look now towards heaven, and tell the stars, if thou art able to number them: and he said to him, So shall thy seed be.Yahweh brought him outside, and said, "Look now toward the sky, and count the stars, if you are able to count them." He said to Abram, "So shall your seed be." and He bringeth him out without, and saith, 'Look attentively, I pray thee, towards the heavens, and count the stars, if thou art able to count them;' and He saith to him, 'Thus is thy seed.' And he brought him forth abroad, and said, Look now toward heaven, and tell the stars, if you be able to number them: and he said to him, So shall your seed be.
Genesis 15:6 And he believed in the LORD; and he counted it to him for righteousness. And he believed in Jehovah; and he reckoned it to him for righteousness. Abram believed God, and it was reputed to him unto justice. And he believed Jehovah; and he reckoned it to him as righteousness. And he believed in the LORD; and he counted it to him for righteousness. And he believed in the LORD; and he counted it to him for righteousness.He believed in Yahweh; and he reckoned it to him for righteousness. And he hath believed in Jehovah, and He reckoneth it to him &#8212; righteousness. And he believed in the LORD; and he counted it to him for righteousness.
Genesis 15:7 And he said unto him, I am the LORD that brought thee out of Ur of the Chaldees, to give thee this land to inherit it. And he said unto him, I am Jehovah that brought thee out of Ur of the Chaldees, to give thee this land to inherit it. And he said to him: I am the Lord who brought thee out from Ur of the Chaldees, to gibe thee this land, and that thou mightest possess it. And he said to him, I am Jehovah who brought thee out of Ur of the Chaldeans, to give thee this land to possess it. And he said unto him, I am the LORD that brought thee out of Ur of the Chaldees, to give thee this land to inherit it. And he said to him, I am the LORD that brought thee out of Ur of the Chaldees, to give thee this land to inherit it.He said to him, "I am Yahweh who brought you out of Ur of the Chaldees, to give you this land to inherit it." And He saith unto him, 'I am Jehovah who brought thee out from Ur of the Chaldees, to give to thee this land to possess it;' And he said to him, I am the LORD that brought you out of Ur of the Chaldees, to give you this land to inherit it.
Genesis 15:8 And he said, Lord GOD, whereby shall I know that I shall inherit it? And he said, O Lord Jehovah, whereby shall I know that I shall inherit it? But he said: Lord God, whereby may I know that I shall possess it?  And he said, Lord Jehovah, how shall I know that I shall possess it? And he said, O Lord GOD, whereby shall I know that I shall inherit it? And he said, Lord GOD, by what shall I know that I shall inherit it? He said, "Lord Yahweh, how will I know that I will inherit it?" and he saith, 'Lord Jehovah, whereby do I know that I possess it?' And he said, LORD God, whereby shall I know that I shall inherit it? 
Genesis 15:9 And he said unto him, Take me an heifer of three years old, and a she goat of three years old, and a ram of three years old, and a turtledove, and a young pigeon. And he said unto him, Take me a heifer three years old, and a she-goat three years old, and a ram three years old, and a turtle-dove, and a young pigeon. And the Lord answered, and said: Take me a cow of three years old, and a she goat of three years, and a ram of three years, a turtle also, and a pigeon. And he said to him, Take me a heifer of three years old, and a she-goat of three years old, and a ram of three years old, and a turtle-dove, and a young pigeon. And he said unto him, Take me an heifer of three years old, and a she-goat of three years old, and a ram of three years old, and a turtledove, and a young pigeon. And he said to him, Take me a heifer of three years old, and a she-goat of three years old, and a ram of three years old, and a turtle-dove, and a young pigeon.He said to him, "Bring me a heifer three years old, a female goat three years old, a ram three years old, a turtledove, and a young pigeon." And He saith unto him, 'Take for Me a heifer of three years, and a she-goat of three years, and a ram of three years, and a turtle-dove, and a young bird;' And he said to him, Take me an heifer of three years old, and a she goat of three years old, and a ram of three years old, and a turtledove, and a young pigeon.
Genesis 15:10 And he took unto him all these, and divided them in the midst, and laid each piece one against another: but the birds divided he not. And he took him all these, and divided them in the midst, and laid each half over against the other: but the birds divided he not. And he took all these, and divided them in the midst, and laid the two pieces of each one against the other; but the birds he divided not. And he took all these, and divided them in the midst, and laid the half of each opposite its fellow; but the birds he did not divide. And he took him all these, and divided them in the midst, and laid each half over against the other: but the birds divided he not. And he took to him all these, and divided them in the midst, and laid each piece one against another: but the birds he did not divide.He brought him all of these, and divided them in the middle, and laid each half opposite the other; but he didn't divide the birds. And he taketh to him all these, and separateth them in the midst, and putteth each piece over against its fellow, but the bird he hath not divided; And he took to him all these, and divided them in the middle, and laid each piece one against another: but the birds divided he not.
Genesis 15:11 And when the fowls came down upon the carcases, Abram drove them away. And the birds of prey came down upon the carcasses, and Abram drove them away. And the fowls came down upon carcasses, and Abram drove them away. And the birds of prey came down on the carcases; and Abram scared them away. And the birds of prey came down upon the carcases, and Abram drove them away. And when the fowls came down upon the carcases, Abram drove them away. The birds of prey came down on the carcasses, and Abram drove them away. And the ravenous birds come down upon the carcases, and Abram causeth them to turn back. And when the fowls came down on the carcasses, Abram drove them away.
Genesis 15:12 And when the sun was going down, a deep sleep fell upon Abram; and, lo, an horror of great darkness fell upon him. And when the sun was going down, a deep sleep fell upon Abram; and, lo, a horror of great darkness fell upon him. And when the sun was setting, a deep sleep fell upon Abram, and a great and darksome horror seized upon him. And as the sun was just going down, a deep sleep fell upon Abram; and behold, a horror, a great darkness, fell upon him. And when the sun was going down, a deep sleep fell upon Abram; and, lo, an horror of great darkness fell upon him. And when the sun was going down, a deep sleep fell upon Abram; and lo, a horror of great darkness fell upon him.When the sun was going down, a deep sleep fell on Abram. Now terror and great darkness fell on him. And the sun is about to go in, and deep sleep hath fallen upon Abram, and lo, a terror of great darkness is falling upon him; And when the sun was going down, a deep sleep fell on Abram; and, see, an horror of great darkness fell on him.
Genesis 15:13 And he said unto Abram, Know of a surety that thy seed shall be a stranger in a land that is not theirs, and shall serve them; and they shall afflict them four hundred years; And he said unto Abram, Know of a surety that thy seed shall be sojourners in a land that is not theirs, and shall serve them; and they shall afflict them four hundred years; And it was said unto him: Know thou beforehand that thy seed shall be a stranger in a land not their own, and they shall bring them under bondage, and afflict them four hundred years. And he said to Abram, Know assuredly that thy seed will be a sojourner in a land that is not theirs, and they shall serve them; and they shall afflict them four hundred years. And he said unto Abram, Know of a surety that thy seed shall be a stranger in a land that is not theirs, and shall serve them; and they shall afflict them four hundred years; And he said to Abram, Know certainly that thy seed shall be a stranger in a land that is not theirs, and shall serve them; and they shall afflict them four hundred years; He said to Abram, "Know for sure that your seed will live as foreigners in a land that is not theirs, and will serve them. They will afflict them four hundred years. And He saith to Abram, 'knowing &#8212; know that thy seed is a sojourner in a land not theirs, and they have served them, and they have afflicted them four hundred years, And he said to Abram, Know of a surety that your seed shall be a stranger in a land that is not theirs, and shall serve them; and they shall afflict them four hundred years; 
Genesis 15:14 And also that nation, whom they shall serve, will I judge: and afterward shall they come out with great substance. And also that nation, whom they shall serve, will I judge: and afterward shall they come out with great substance.But I will judge the nation which they shall serve, and after this they shall come out with great substance. But also that nation which they shall serve I will judge; and afterwards they shall come out with great property. And also that nation, whom they shall serve, will I judge: and afterward shall they come out with great substance. And also that nation which they shall serve, will I judge: and afterward shall they come out with great substance.I will also judge that nation, whom they will serve. Afterward they will come out with great wealth, and the nation also whom they serve I judge, and after this they go out with great substance; And also that nation, whom they shall serve, will I judge: and afterward shall they come out with great substance.
Genesis 15:15 And thou shalt go to thy fathers in peace; thou shalt be buried in a good old age.But thou shalt go to thy fathers in peace; thou shalt be buried in a good old age. And thou shalt go to thy fathers in peace, and be buried in a good old age. And thou shalt go to thy fathers in peace; thou shalt be buried in a good old age.But thou shalt go to thy fathers in peace; thou shalt be buried in a good old age. And thou shalt go to thy fathers in peace; thou shalt be buried in a good old age.but you will go to your fathers in peace. You will be buried in a good old age. And thou &#8212; thou comest in unto thy fathers in peace; thou art buried in a good old age; And you shall go to your fathers in peace; you shall be buried in a good old age.
Genesis 15:16 But in the fourth generation they shall come hither again: for the iniquity of the Amorites is not yet full. And in the fourth generation they shall come hither again; for the iniquity of the Amorite is not yet full.But in the fourth generation they shall return hither: for as yet the iniquities of the Amorrhites are not at the full until this present time. And in the fourth generation they shall come hither again; for the iniquity of the Amorites is not yet full. And in the fourth generation they shall come hither again: for the iniquity of the Amorite is not yet full.But in the fourth generation they shall come hither again: for the iniquity of the Amorites is not yet full.In the fourth generation they will come here again, for the iniquity of the Amorite is not yet full." and the fourth generation doth turn back hither, for the iniquity of the Amorite is not yet complete.' But in the fourth generation they shall come here again: for the iniquity of the Amorites is not yet full.
Genesis 15:17 And it came to pass, that, when the sun went down, and it was dark, behold a smoking furnace, and a burning lamp that passed between those pieces. And it came to pass, that, when the sun went down, and it was dark, behold, a smoking furnace, and a flaming torch that passed between these pieces. And when the sun was set, there arose a dark mist, and there appeared a smoking furnace and a lamp of fire passing between those divisions. And it came to pass when the sun had gone down, and it was dark, that behold, there was a smoking furnace, and a flame of fire which passed between those pieces. And it came to pass, that, when the sun went down, and it was dark, behold a smoking furnace, and a flaming torch that passed between these pieces. And it came to pass, that when the sun had gone down, and it was dark, behold a smoking furnace, and a burning lamp that passed between those pieces.It came to pass that, when the sun went down, and it was dark, behold, a smoking furnace, and a flaming torch passed between these pieces. And it cometh to pass &#8212; the sun hath gone in, and thick darkness hath been &#8212; and lo, a furnace of smoke, and a lamp of fire, which hath passed over between those pieces. And it came to pass, that, when the sun went down, and it was dark, behold a smoking furnace, and a burning lamp that passed between those pieces.
Genesis 15:18 In the same day the LORD made a covenant with Abram, saying, Unto thy seed have I given this land, from the river of Egypt unto the great river, the river Euphrates: In that day Jehovah made a covenant with Abram, saying, Unto thy seed have I given this land, from the river of Egypt unto the great river, the river Euphrates: That day God made a covenant with Abram, saying: To thy seed will I give this land, from the river of Egypt even to the great river Euphrates. On the same day Jehovah made a covenant with Abram, saying, Unto thy seed I give this land, from the river of Egypt to the great river, the river Euphrates; In that day the LORD made a covenant with Abram, saying, Unto thy seed have I given this land, from the river of Egypt unto the great river, the river Euphrates: In that same day the LORD made a covenant with Abram, saying, To thy seed have I given this land, from the river of Egypt to the great river, the river Euphrates: In that day Yahweh made a covenant with Abram, saying, "To your seed I have given this land, from the river of Egypt to the great river, the river Euphrates: In that day hath Jehovah made with Abram a covenant, saying, 'To thy seed I have given this land, from the river of Egypt unto the great river, the river Phrat, In the same day the LORD made a covenant with Abram, saying, To your seed have I given this land, from the river of Egypt to the great river, the river Euphrates: 
Genesis 15:19 The Kenites, and the Kenizzites, and the Kadmonites, the Kenite, and the Kenizzite, and the Kadmonite, The Cineans and Cenezites, the Cedmonites,  the Kenites, and the Kenizzites, and the Kadmonites, the Kenite, and the Kenizzite, and the Kadmonite, The Kenites, and the Kenizzites, and the Kadmonites, the Kenites, the Kenizzites, the Kadmonites, with the Kenite, and the Kenizzite, and the Kadmonite, The Kenites, and the Kenizzites, and the Kadmonites, 
Genesis 15:20 And the Hittites, and the Perizzites, and the Rephaims, and the Hittite, and the Perizzite, and the Rephaim, And the Hethites, and the Pherezites, the Raphaim also,  and the Hittites, and the Perizzites, and the Rephaim, and the Hittite, and the Perizzite, and the Rephaim, And the Hittites, and the Perizzites, and the Rephaims, the Hittites, the Perizzites, the Rephaim, and the Hittite, and the Perizzite, and the Rephaim, And the Hittites, and the Perizzites, and the Rephaims, 
Genesis 15:21 And the Amorites, and the Canaanites, and the Girgashites, and the Jebusites. And the Amorite, and the Canaanite, and the Girgashite, and the Jebusite. And the Amorrhites, and the Chanaanits, and the Gergesites, and the Jebusites. and the Amorites, and the Canaanites, and the Girgashites, and the Jebusites. And the Amorite, and the Canaanite, and the Girgashite, and the Jebusite. And the Amorites, and the Canaanites, and the Girgashites, and the Jebusites. The Amorites, the Canaanites, the Girgashites, and the Jebusites." and the Amorite, and the Canaanite, and the Girgashite, and the Jebusite.' And the Amorites, and the Canaanites, and the Girgashites, and the Jebusites.
Genesis 16:1 Now Sarai Abram's wife bare him no children: and she had an handmaid, an Egyptian, whose name was Hagar.Now Sarai, Abram's wife, bare him no children: and she had a handmaid, an Egyptian, whose name was Hagar.Now Sarai the wife of Abram, had brought forth no children; having a handmaid, an Egyptian, named Agar,  And Sarai Abram's wife did not bear him children. And she had an Egyptian maidservant; and her name was Hagar.Now Sarai Abram's wife bare him no children: and she had an handmaid, an Egyptian, whose name was Hagar.Now Sarai, Abram's wife, bore him no children: and she had a handmaid, an Egyptian, whose name was Hagar.Now Sarai, Abram's wife, bore him no children. She had a handmaid, an Egyptian, whose name was Hagar. And Sarai, Abram's wife, hath not borne to him, and she hath an handmaid, an Egyptian, and her name is Hagar; Now Sarai Abram's wife bore him no children: and she had an handmaid, an Egyptian, whose name was Hagar.
Genesis 16:2 And Sarai said unto Abram, Behold now, the LORD hath restrained me from bearing: I pray thee, go in unto my maid; it may be that I may obtain children by her. And Abram hearkened to the voice of Sarai. And Sarai said unto Abram, Behold now, Jehovah hath restrained me from bearing; go in, I pray thee, unto my handmaid; it may be that I shall obtain children by her. And Abram hearkened to the voice of Sarai. She said to her husband: Behold, the Lord hath restrained me from bearing: go in unto my handmaid, it may be I may have children of her at least. And when he agreed to her request,  And Sarai said to Abram, Behold now, Jehovah has shut me up, that I do not bear. Go in, I pray thee, to my maidservant: it may be that I shall be built up by her. And Abram hearkened to the voice of Sarai. And Sarai said unto Abram, Behold now, the LORD hath restrained me from bearing; go in, I pray thee, unto my handmaid; it may be that I shall obtain children by her. And Abram hearkened to the voice of Sarai. And Sarai said to Abram, Behold, now, the LORD hath restrained me from bearing: I pray thee go in to my maid; it may be that I may obtain children by her. And Abram hearkened to the voice of Sarai. Sarai said to Abram, "See now, Yahweh has restrained me from bearing. Please go in to my handmaid. It may be that I will obtain children by her." Abram listened to the voice of Sarai. And Sarai saith unto Abram, 'Lo, I pray thee, Jehovah hath restrained me from bearing, go in, I pray thee, unto my handmaid; perhaps I am built up from her;' and Abram hearkeneth to the voice of Sarai. And Sarai said to Abram, Behold now, the LORD has restrained me from bearing: I pray you, go in to my maid; it may be that I may obtain children by her. And Abram listened to the voice of Sarai.
Genesis 16:3 And Sarai Abram's wife took Hagar her maid the Egyptian, after Abram had dwelt ten years in the land of Canaan, and gave her to her husband Abram to be his wife. And Sarai, Abram's wife, took Hagar the Egyptian, her handmaid, after Abram had dwelt ten years in the land of Canaan, and gave her to Abram her husband to be his wife. She took Agar the Egyptian her handmaid, ten years after they first dwelt in the land of Chanaan, and gave her to her husband to wife. And Sarai Abram's wife took Hagar, the Egyptian, her maidservant, at the end of ten years that Abram had dwelt in the land of Canaan, and gave her to her husband Abram, as his wife. And Sarai Abram's wife took Hagar the Egyptian, her handmaid, after Abram had dwelt ten years in the land of Canaan, and gave her to Abram her husband to be his wife. And Sarai, Abram's wife, took Hagar her maid, the Egyptian, after Abram had dwelt ten years in the land of Canaan, and gave her to her husband Abram to be his wife. Sarai, Abram's wife, took Hagar the Egyptian, her handmaid, after Abram had lived ten years in the land of Canaan, and gave her to Abram her husband to be his wife. And Sarai, Abram's wife, taketh Hagar the Egyptian, her handmaid, at the end of the tenth year of Abram's dwelling in the land of Canaan, and giveth her to Abram her husband, to him for a wife, And Sarai Abram's wife took Hagar her maid the Egyptian, after Abram had dwelled ten years in the land of Canaan, and gave her to her husband Abram to be his wife.
Genesis 16:4 And he went in unto Hagar, and she conceived: and when she saw that she had conceived, her mistress was despised in her eyes. And he went in unto Hagar, and she conceived: and when she saw that she had conceived, her mistress was despised in her eyes. And he went in to her. But she, perceiving that she was with child, despised her mistress. And he went in to Hagar, and she conceived. And when she saw that she had conceived, her mistress was lightly esteemed in her eyes. And he went in unto Hagar, and she conceived: and when she saw that she had conceived, her mistress was despised in her eyes. And he went in to Hagar, and she conceived: and when she saw that she had conceived, her mistress was despised in her eyes.He went in to Hagar, and she conceived. When she saw that she had conceived, her mistress was despised in her eyes. And he goeth in unto Hagar, and she conceiveth, and she seeth that she hath conceived, and her mistress is lightly esteemed in her eyes. And he went in to Hagar, and she conceived: and when she saw that she had conceived, her mistress was despised in her eyes.
Genesis 16:5 And Sarai said unto Abram, My wrong be upon thee: I have given my maid into thy bosom; and when she saw that she had conceived, I was despised in her eyes: the LORD judge between me and thee. And Sarai said unto Abram, My wrong be upon thee: I gave my handmaid into they bosom; and when she saw that she had conceived, I was despised in her eyes: Jehovah judge between me and thee. And Sarai said to Abram: Thou dost unjustly with me: I gave my handmaid into thy bosom, and she perceiving herself to be with child, despiseth me. The Lord judge between me and thee. And Sarai said to Abram, My wrong be on thee! I have given my maidservant into thy bosom; and now she sees that she has conceived, I am lightly esteemed in her eyes. Jehovah judge between me and thee! And Sarai said unto Abram, My wrong be upon thee: I gave my handmaid into thy bosom; and when she saw that she had conceived, I was despised in her eyes: the LORD judge between me and thee. And Sarai said to Abram, my wrong be upon thee: I have given my maid into thy bosom; and when she saw that she had conceived, I was despised in her eyes: the LORD judge between me and thee. Sarai said to Abram, "This wrong is your fault. I gave my handmaid into your bosom, and when she saw that she had conceived, I was despised in her eyes. Yahweh judge between me and you." And Sarai saith unto Abram, 'My violence is for thee; I &#8212; I have given mine handmaid into thy bosom, and she seeth that she hath conceived, and I am lightly esteemed in her eyes; Jehovah doth judge between me and thee.' And Sarai said to Abram, My wrong be on you: I have given my maid into your bosom; and when she saw that she had conceived, I was despised in her eyes: the LORD judge between me and you.
Genesis 16:6 But Abram said unto Sarai, Behold, thy maid is in thy hand; do to her as it pleaseth thee. And when Sarai dealt hardly with her, she fled from her face.But Abram said unto Sarai, Behold, thy maid is in thy hand; do to her that which is good in thine eyes. And Sarai dealt hardly with her, and she fled from her face. And Abram made answer, and said to her: Behold thy handmaid is in thy own hand, use her its it pleaseth thee. And when Sarai afflicted her, she ran away. And Abram said to Sarai, Behold, thy maidservant is in thy hand: do to her what is good in thine eyes. And Sarai oppressed her; and she fled from her face.But Abram said unto Sarai, Behold, thy maid is in thy hand; do to her that which is good in thine eyes. And Sarai dealt hardly with her, and she fled from her face.But Abram said to Sarai, Behold, thy maid is in thy hand; do to her as it pleaseth thee. And when Sarai dealt hardly with her, she fled from her face.But Abram said to Sarai, "Behold, your maid is in your hand. Do to her whatever is good in your eyes." Sarai dealt harshly with her, and she fled from her face. And Abram saith unto Sarai, 'Lo, thine handmaid is in thine hand, do to her that which is good in thine eyes;' and Sarai afflicted her, and she fleeth from her presence.But Abram said to Sarai, Behold, your maid is in your hand; do to her as it pleases you. And when Sarai dealt hardly with her, she fled from her face.
Genesis 16:7 And the angel of the LORD found her by a fountain of water in the wilderness, by the fountain in the way to Shur. And the angel of Jehovah found her by a fountain of water in the wilderness, by the fountain in the way to Shur. And the angel of the Lord having found her, by a fountain of water in the wilderness, which is in the way to Sur in the desert,  And the Angel of Jehovah found her by a spring of water in the wilderness, by the spring on the way to Shur. And the angel of the LORD found her by a fountain of water in the wilderness, by the fountain in the way to Shur. And the angel of the LORD found her by a fountain of water in the wilderness, by the fountain in the way to Shur. The angel of Yahweh found her by a fountain of water in the wilderness, by the fountain in the way to Shur. And a messenger of Jehovah findeth her by the fountain of water in the wilderness, by the fountain in the way to Shur, And the angel of the LORD found her by a fountain of water in the wilderness, by the fountain in the way to Shur.
Genesis 16:8 And he said, Hagar, Sarai's maid, whence camest thou? and whither wilt thou go? And she said, I flee from the face of my mistress Sarai. And he said, Hagar, Sarai's handmaid, whence camest thou? and whither goest thou? And she said, I am fleeing from the face of my mistress Sarai.He said to her: Agar, handmaid of Sarai, whence comest thou? and whither goest thou? And she answered: I flee from the face of Sarai, my mistress. And he said, Hagar, Sarai's maidservant, whence comest thou? and whither art thou going? And she said, I am fleeing from the face of my mistress Sarai. And he said, Hagar, Sarai's handmaid, whence camest thou? and whither goest thou? And she said, I flee from the face of my mistress Sarai. And he said, Hagar, Sarai's maid, whence camest thou? and whither wilt thou go? And she said, I flee from the face of my mistress Sarai.He said, "Hagar, Sarai's handmaid, where did you come from? Where are you going?" She said, "I am fleeing from the face of my mistress Sarai." and he saith, 'Hagar, Sarai's handmaid, whence hast thou come, and whither dost thou go?' and she saith, 'From the presence of Sarai, my mistress, I am fleeing.' And he said, Hagar, Sarai's maid, from where came you? and where will you go? And she said, I flee from the face of my mistress Sarai.
Genesis 16:9 And the angel of the LORD said unto her, Return to thy mistress, and submit thyself under her hands. And the angel of Jehovah said unto her, Return to thy mistress, and submit thyself under her hands. And the angel of the Lord said to her: Return to thy mistress, and humble thyself under her hand. And the Angel of Jehovah said to her, Return to thy mistress, and submit thyself under her hands. And the angel of the LORD said unto her, Return to thy mistress, and submit thyself under her hands. And the angel of the LORD said to her, Return to thy mistress, and submit thyself under her hands. The angel of Yahweh said to her, "Return to your mistress, and submit yourself under her hands." And the messenger of Jehovah saith to her, 'Turn back unto thy mistress, and humble thyself under her hands;' And the angel of the LORD said to her, Return to your mistress, and submit yourself under her hands.
Genesis 16:10 And the angel of the LORD said unto her, I will multiply thy seed exceedingly, that it shall not be numbered for multitude. And the angel of Jehovah said unto her, I will greatly multiply thy seed, that it shall not be numbered for multitude. And again he said: I will multiply thy seed exceedingly, and it shall not be numbered for multitude. And the Angel of Jehovah said to her, I will multiply thy seed exceedingly, that it shall not be numbered for multitude. And the angel of the LORD said unto her, I will greatly multiply thy seed, that it shall not be numbered for multitude. And the angel of the LORD said to her, I will multiply thy seed exceedingly, that it shall not be numbered for multitude. The angel of Yahweh said to her, "I will greatly multiply your seed, that they will not be numbered for multitude." and the messenger of Jehovah saith to her, 'Multiplying I multiply thy seed, and it is not numbered from multitude;' And the angel of the LORD said to her, I will multiply your seed exceedingly, that it shall not be numbered for multitude.
Genesis 16:11 And the angel of the LORD said unto her, Behold, thou art with child, and shalt bear a son, and shalt call his name Ishmael; because the LORD hath heard thy affliction. And the angel of Jehovah said unto her, Behold, thou art with child, and shalt bear a son; and thou shalt call his name Ishmael, because Jehovah hath heard thy affliction. And again: Behold, said he, thou art with child, and thou shalt bring forth a son: and thou shalt call his name Ismael, because the Lord hath heard thy affliction. And the Angel of Jehovah said to her, Behold, thou art with child, and shalt bear a son, and shalt call his name Ishmael, because Jehovah hath hearkened to thy affliction. And the angel of the LORD said unto her, Behold, thou art with child, and shalt bear a son; and thou shalt call his name Ishmael, because the LORD hath heard thy affliction. And the angel of the LORD said to her, Behold, thou art with child, and shalt bear a son, and shalt call his name Ishmael; because the LORD hath heard thy affliction. The angel of Yahweh said to her, "Behold, you are with child, and will bear a son. You shall call his name Ishmael, because Yahweh has heard your affliction. And the messenger of Jehovah saith to her, 'Behold thou art conceiving, and bearing a son, and hast called his name Ishmael, for Jehovah hath hearkened unto thine affliction; And the angel of the LORD said to her, Behold, you are with child and shall bear a son, and shall call his name Ishmael; because the LORD has heard your affliction.
Genesis 16:12 And he will be a wild man; his hand will be against every man, and every man's hand against him; and he shall dwell in the presence of all his brethren. And he shall be as a wild ass among men; his hand'shall be against every man, and every man's hand against him; and he shall dwell over against all his brethren.He shall be a wild man: his hand will be against all men, and all men's hands against him: and he shall pitch his tents over against all his brethren. And he will be a wild-ass of a man, his hand against every man, and every man's hand against him; and he shall dwell before the face of all his brethren. And he shall be as a wild-ass among men; his hand shall be against every man, and every man's hand against him; and he shall dwell in the presence of all his brethren. And he will be a wild man; his hand will be against every man, and every man's hand against him; and he shall dwell in the presence of all his brethren.He will be like a wild donkey among men. His hand will be against every man, and every man's hand against him. He will live opposite all of his brothers." and he is a wild-ass man, his hand against every one, and every one's hand against him &#8212; and before the face of all his brethren he dwelleth.' And he will be a wild man; his hand will be against every man, and every man's hand against him; and he shall dwell in the presence of all his brothers.
Genesis 16:13 And she called the name of the LORD that spake unto her, Thou God seest me: for she said, Have I also here looked after him that seeth me? And she called the name of Jehovah that spake unto her, Thou art a God that seeth: for she said, Have I even here looked after him that seeth me? And she called the name of the Lord that spoke unto her: Thou the God who hast seen me. For she said: Verily here have I seen the hinder parts of him that seeth me. And she called the name of Jehovah who spoke to her, Thou art the God who reveals himself, for she said, Also here have I seen after he has revealed himself. And she called the name of the LORD that spake unto her, Thou art a God that seeth: for she said, Have I even here looked after him that seeth me? And she called the name of the LORD that spoke to her, Thou God seest me: for she said, Have I also here looked after him that seeth me? She called the name of Yahweh who spoke to her, "You are a God who sees," for she said, "Have I even stayed alive after seeing him?" And she calleth the name of Jehovah who is speaking unto her, 'Thou art, O God, my beholder;' for she said, 'Even here have I looked behind my beholder?' And she called the name of the LORD that spoke to her, You God see me: for she said, Have I also here looked after him that sees me? 
Genesis 16:14 Wherefore the well was called Beerlahairoi; behold, it is between Kadesh and Bered.Wherefore the well was called Beer-lahai-roi; behold, it is between Kadesh and Bered. Therefore she called that well, The well of him that liveth and seeth me. The same is between Cades and Bared. Therefore the well was named Beer-lahai-roi: behold, it is between Kadesh and Bered.Wherefore the well was called Beer-lahai-roi; behold, it is between Kadesh and Bered.Wherefore the well was called Beer-la-hai-roi; behold, it is between Kadesh and Bered. Therefore the well was called Beer Lahai Roi. Behold, it is between Kadesh and Bered. Therefore hath one called the well, 'The well of the Living One, my beholder;' lo, between Kadesh and Bered.Why the well was called Beerlahairoi; behold, it is between Kadesh and Bered.
Genesis 16:15 And Hagar bare Abram a son: and Abram called his son's name, which Hagar bare, Ishmael. And Hagar bare Abram a son: and Abram called the name of his son, whom Hagar bare, Ishmael. And Agar brought forth a son to Abram: who called his name Ismael. And Hagar bore Abram a son; and Abram called the name of his son whom Hagar bore, Ishmael. And Hagar bare Abram a son: and Abram called the name of his son, which Hagar bare, Ishmael. And Hagar bore Abram a son: and Abram called his son's name, which Hagar bore, Ishmael.Hagar bore a son for Abram. Abram called the name of his son, whom Hagar bore, Ishmael. And Hagar beareth to Abram a son; and Abram calleth the name of his son, whom Hagar hath borne, Ishmael; And Hagar bore Abram a son: and Abram called his son's name, which Hagar bore, Ishmael.
Genesis 16:16 And Abram was fourscore and six years old, when Hagar bare Ishmael to Abram. And Abram was fourscore and six years old, when Hagar bare Ishmael to Abram. Abram was fourscore and six years old when Agar brought him forth Ismael. And Abram was eighty-six years old when Hagar bore Ishmael to Abram. And Abram was fourscore and six years old, when Hagar bare Ishmael to Abram. And Abram was eighty six years old, when Hagar bore Ishmael to Abram. Abram was eighty-six years old when Hagar bore Ishmael to Abram. And Abram is a son of eighty and six years in Hagar's bearing Ishmael to Abram. And Abram was fourscore and six years old, when Hagar bore Ishmael to Abram.
Genesis 17:1 And when Abram was ninety years old and nine, the LORD appeared to Abram, and said unto him, I am the Almighty God; walk before me, and be thou perfect. And when Abram was ninety years old and nine, Jehovah appeared to Abram, and said unto him, I am God Almighty; walk before me, and be thou perfect. And after he began to be ninety and nine years old, the Lord appeared to him: and said unto him: I am the Almighty God: walk before me, and be perfect. And Abram was ninety-nine years old, when Jehovah appeared to Abram, and said to him, I am the Almighty God: walk before my face, and be perfect. And when Abram was ninety years old and nine, the LORD appeared to Abram, and said unto him, I am God Almighty; walk before me, and be thou perfect. And when Abram was ninety and nine years old, the LORD appeared to Abram, and said to him, I am the Almighty God; walk before me, and be thou perfect.When Abram was ninety-nine years old, Yahweh appeared to Abram, and said to him, "I am God Almighty. Walk before me, and be blameless. And Abram is a son of ninety and nine years, and Jehovah appeareth unto Abram, and saith unto him, 'I am God Almighty, walk habitually before Me, and be thou perfect; And when Abram was ninety years old and nine, the LORD appeared to Abram, and said to him, I am the Almighty God; walk before me, and be you perfect.
Genesis 17:2 And I will make my covenant between me and thee, and will multiply thee exceedingly. And I will make my covenant between me and thee, and will multiply thee exceedingly. And I will make my covenant between me and thee: and I will multiply thee exceedingly. And I will set my covenant between me and thee, and will very greatly multiply thee. And I will make my covenant between me and thee, and will multiply thee exceedingly. And I will make my covenant between me and thee, and will multiply thee exceedingly.I will make my covenant between me and you, and will multiply you exceedingly." and I give My covenant between Me and thee, and multiply thee very exceedingly.' And I will make my covenant between me and you, and will multiply you exceedingly.
Genesis 17:3 And Abram fell on his face: and God talked with him, saying, And Abram fell on his face: and God talked with him, saying, Abram tell flat on his face. And Abram fell on his face; and God talked with him, saying, And Abram fell on his face: and God talked with him, saying, And Abram fell on his face: and God talked with him, saying, Abram fell on his face. God talked with him, saying, And Abram falleth upon his face, and God speaketh with him, saying, And Abram fell on his face: and God talked with him, saying, 
Genesis 17:4 As for me, behold, my covenant is with thee, and thou shalt be a father of many nations. As for me, behold, my covenant is with thee, and thou shalt be the father of a multitude of nations. And God said to him: I AM, and my covenant is with thee, and thou shalt be a father. of many nations. It is I: behold, my covenant is with thee, and thou shalt be a father of a multitude of nations. As for me, behold, my covenant is with thee, and thou shalt be the father of a multitude of nations. As for me, behold, my covenant is with thee, and thou shalt be a father of many nations."As for me, behold, my covenant is with you. You will be the father of a multitude of nations.I &#8212; lo, My covenant is with thee, and thou hast become father of a multitude of nations; As for me, behold, my covenant is with you, and you shall be a father of many nations.
Genesis 17:5 Neither shall thy name any more be called Abram, but thy name shall be Abraham; for a father of many nations have I made thee.Neither shall thy name any more be called Abram, but thy name shall be Abraham; for the father of a multitude of nations have I made thee.Neither shall thy name be called any more Abram: but thou shalt be called Abraham: because I have made thee a father of many nations. And thy name shall no more be called Abram, but thy name shall be Abraham; for a father of a multitude of nations have I made thee.Neither shall thy name any more be called Abram, but thy name shall be Abraham; for the father of a multitude of nations have I made thee.Neither shall thy name any more be called Abram, but thy name shall be Abraham; for a father of many nations have I made thee.Neither will your name any more be called Abram, but your name will be Abraham; for I have made you the father of a multitude of nations. And thy name is no more called Abram, but thy name hath been Abraham, for father of a multitude of nations have I made thee; Neither shall your name any more be called Abram, but your name shall be Abraham; for a father of many nations have I made you.
Genesis 17:6 And I will make thee exceeding fruitful, and I will make nations of thee, and kings shall come out of thee. And I will make thee exceeding fruitful, and I will make nations of thee, and kings shall come out of thee. And I will make thee increase, exceedingly, and I will make nations of thee, and kings shall come out of thee. And I will make thee exceedingly fruitful, and I will make nations of thee, and kings shall come out of thee. And I will make thee exceeding fruitful, and I will make nations of thee, and kings shall come out of thee. And I will make thee exceedingly fruitful, and I will make nations of thee; and kings shall proceed from thee.I will make you exceedingly fruitful, and I will make nations of you. Kings will come out of you. And I have made thee exceeding fruitful, and made thee become nations, and kings go out from thee. And I will make you exceeding fruitful, and I will make nations of you, and kings shall come out of you.
Genesis 17:7 And I will establish my covenant between me and thee and thy seed after thee in their generations for an everlasting covenant, to be a God unto thee, and to thy seed after thee. And I will establish my covenant between me and thee and thy seed after thee throughout their generations for an everlasting covenant, to be a God unto thee and to thy seed after thee. And I will establish my covenant between me and thee, and between thy seed after thee in their generations, by a perpetual covenant: to be a God to thee, and to thy seed after thee. And I will establish my covenant between me and thee, and thy seed after thee in their generations, for an everlasting covenant, to be a God to thee, and to thy seed after thee. And I will establish my covenant between me and thee and thy seed after thee throughout their generations for an everlasting covenant, to be a God unto thee and to thy seed after thee. And I will establish my covenant between me and thee, and thy seed after thee, in their generations, for an everlasting covenant; to be a God to thee and to thy seed after thee.I will establish my covenant between me and you and your seed after you throughout their generations for an everlasting covenant, to be a God to you and to your seed after you.'And I have established My covenant between Me and thee, and thy seed after thee, to their generations, for a covenant age-during, to become God to thee, and to thy seed after thee; And I will establish my covenant between me and you and your seed after you in their generations for an everlasting covenant, to be a God to you, and to your seed after you.
Genesis 17:8 And I will give unto thee, and to thy seed after thee, the land wherein thou art a stranger, all the land of Canaan, for an everlasting possession; and I will be their God. And I will give unto thee, and to thy seed after thee, the land of thy sojournings, all the land of Canaan, for an everlasting possession; and I will be their God. And I will give to thee, and to thy seed, the land of thy sojournment, all the land of Chanaan for a perpetual possession, and I will be their God. And I give to thee, and to thy seed after thee, the land of thy sojourning, all the land of Canaan, for an everlasting possession; and I will be a God to them. And I will give unto thee, and to thy seed after thee, the land of thy sojournings, all the land of Canaan, for an everlasting possession; and I will be their God. And I will give to thee, and to thy seed after thee, the land in which thou art a stranger, all the land of Canaan, for an everlasting possession; and I will be their God.I will give to you, and to your seed after you, the land where you are traveling, all the land of Canaan, for an everlasting possession. I will be their God." and I have given to thee, and to thy seed after thee, the land of thy sojournings, the whole land of Canaan, for a possession age-during, and I have become their God.' And I will give to you, and to your seed after you, the land wherein you are a stranger, all the land of Canaan, for an everlasting possession; and I will be their God.
Genesis 17:9 And God said unto Abraham, Thou shalt keep my covenant therefore, thou, and thy seed after thee in their generations. And God said unto Abraham, And as for thee, thou shalt keep my covenant, thou, and thy seed after thee throughout their generations. Again God said to Abraham: And thou therefore shalt keep my covenant, and thy seed after thee in their generations. And God said to Abraham, And as for thee, thou shalt keep my covenant, thou and thy seed after thee in their generations. And God said unto Abraham, And as for thee, thou shalt keep my covenant, thou, and thy seed after thee throughout their generations. And God said to Abraham, Thou shalt keep my covenant therefore, thou, and thy seed after thee, in their generations.God said to Abraham, "As for you, you will keep my covenant, you and your seed after you throughout their generations. And God saith unto Abraham, 'And thou dost keep My covenant, thou and thy seed after thee, to their generations; And God said to Abraham, You shall keep my covenant therefore, you, and your seed after you in their generations.
Genesis 17:10 This is my covenant, which ye shall keep, between me and you and thy seed after thee; Every man child among you shall be circumcised. This is my covenant, which ye shall keep, between me and you and thy seed after thee: every male among you shall be circumcised. This is my covenant which you shall observe, between me and you, and thy seed after thee: All the male kind of you shall be circumcised:  This is my covenant which ye shall keep, between me and you and thy seed after thee that every male among you be circumcised. This is my covenant, which ye shall keep, between me and you and thy seed after thee; every male among you shall be circumcised. This is my covenant, which ye shall keep between me and you, and thy seed after thee; Every male-child among you shall be circumcised. This is my covenant, which you shall keep, between me and you and your seed after you. Every male among you shall be circumcised. This is My covenant which ye keep between Me and you, and thy seed after thee: Every male of you is to be circumcised; This is my covenant, which you shall keep, between me and you and your seed after you; Every man child among you shall be circumcised.
Genesis 17:11 And ye shall circumcise the flesh of your foreskin; and it shall be a token of the covenant betwixt me and you. And ye shall be circumcised in the flesh of your foreskin; and it shall be a token of a covenant betwixt me and you. And you shall circumcise the flesh of your foreskin, that it may be for a h sign of the covenant between me and you. And ye shall circumcise the flesh of your foreskin; and that shall be a sign of the covenant between me and you. And ye shall be circumcised in the flesh of your foreskin; and it shall be a token of a covenant betwixt me and you. And ye shall circumcise the flesh of your foreskin; and it shall be a token of the covenant betwixt me and you.You shall be circumcised in the flesh of your foreskin. It will be a token of the covenant between me and you. And ye have circumcised the flesh of your foreskin, and it hath become a token of a covenant between Me and you. And you shall circumcise the flesh of your foreskin; and it shall be a token of the covenant between me and you.
Genesis 17:12 And he that is eight days old shall be circumcised among you, every man child in your generations, he that is born in the house, or bought with money of any stranger, which is not of thy seed. And he that is eight days old shall be circumcised among you, every male throughout your generations, he that is born in the house, or bought with money of any foreigner that is not of thy seed. An infant of eight days old shall be circumcised among you, every man child in your generations: he that is born in the house, as well as the bought servant shall be circumcised, and whosoever is not of your stock:  And at eight days old shall every male in your generations be circumcised among you he who is born in the house, and he who is bought with money, any stranger who is not of thy seed. And he that is eight days old shall be circumcised among you, every male throughout your generations, he that is born in the house, or bought with money of any stranger, which is not of thy seed. And he that is eight days old shall be circumcised among you, every male-child in your generations, he that is born in the house, or bought with money of any stranger, who is not of thy seed.He who is eight days old will be circumcised among you, every male throughout your generations, he who is born in the house, or bought with money from any foreigner who is not of your seed.'And a son of eight days is circumcised by you; every male to your generations, born in the house, or bought with money from any son of a stranger, who is not of thy seed; And he that is eight days old shall be circumcised among you, every man child in your generations, he that is born in the house, or bought with money of any stranger, which is not of your seed.
Genesis 17:13 He that is born in thy house, and he that is bought with thy money, must needs be circumcised: and my covenant shall be in your flesh for an everlasting covenant.He that is born in thy house, and he that is bought with thy money, must needs be circumcised: and my covenant shall be in your flesh for an everlasting covenant. And my covenant shall be in your flesh for a perpetual covenant. He who is born in thy house, and he who is bought with thy money, must be circumcised; and my covenant shall be in your flesh for an everlasting covenant.He that is born in thy house, and he that is bought with thy money, must needs be circumcised: and my covenant shall be in your flesh for an everlasting covenant.He that is born in thy house, and he that is bought with thy money, must needs be circumcised: and my covenant shall be in your flesh for an everlasting covenant.He who is born in your house, and he who is bought with your money, must be circumcised. My covenant will be in your flesh for an everlasting covenant.he is certainly circumcised who is born in thine house, or bought with thy money; and My covenant hath become in your flesh a covenant age-during; He that is born in your house, and he that is bought with your money, must needs be circumcised: and my covenant shall be in your flesh for an everlasting covenant.
Genesis 17:14 And the uncircumcised man child whose flesh of his foreskin is not circumcised, that soul shall be cut off from his people; he hath broken my covenant. And the uncircumcised male who is not circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin, that soul shall be cut off from his people; he hath broken my covenant. The male, whose dash of his foreskin shall not be circumcised, that soul shall be destroyed out of his people: because he hath broken my covenant. And the uncircumcised male who hath not been circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin, that soul shall be cut off from his peoples: he hath broken my covenant. And the uncircumcised male who is not circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin, that soul shall be cut off from his people; he hath broken my covenant. And the uncircumcised male-child, whose flesh of his foreskin is not circumcised, that soul shall be cut off from his people; he hath broken my covenant. The uncircumcised male who is not circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin, that soul shall be cut off from his people. He has broken my covenant." and an uncircumcised one, a male, the flesh of whose foreskin is not circumcised, even that person hath been cut off from his people; My covenant he hath broken.' And the uncircumcised man child whose flesh of his foreskin is not circumcised, that soul shall be cut off from his people; he has broken my covenant.
Genesis 17:15 And God said unto Abraham, As for Sarai thy wife, thou shalt not call her name Sarai, but Sarah shall her name be. And God said unto Abraham, As for Sarai thy wife, thou shalt not call her name Sarai, but Sarah shall her name be.God said also to Abraham: Sarai thy wife thou shalt not call Sarai, but Sara. And God said to Abraham, As to Sarai thy wife, thou shalt not call her name Sarai, but Sarah shall be her name. And God said unto Abraham, As for Sarai thy wife, thou shalt not call her name Sarai, but Sarah shall her name be. And God said to Abraham, As for Sarai thy wife, thou shalt not call her name Sarai, but Sarah shall her name be.God said to Abraham, "As for Sarai your wife, you shall not call her name Sarai, but her name will be Sarah. And God saith unto Abraham, 'Sarai thy wife &#8212; thou dost not call her name Sarai, for Sarah is her name; And God said to Abraham, As for Sarai your wife, you shall not call her name Sarai, but Sarah shall her name be.
Genesis 17:16 And I will bless her, and give thee a son also of her: yea, I will bless her, and she shall be a mother of nations; kings of people shall be of her. And I will bless her, and moreover I will give thee a son of her: yea, I will bless her, and she shall be a mother of nations; kings of peoples shall be of her. And I will bless her, and of her I will give thee a son, whom I will bless, and he shell become nations, and kings of people shall spring from him. And I will bless her, and I will give thee a son also of her; and I will bless her, and she shall become nations: kings of peoples shall be of her. And I will bless her, and moreover I will give thee a son of her: yea, I will bless her, and she shall be a mother of nations; kings of peoples shall be of her. And I will bless her, and give thee a son also by her: yea, I will bless her, and she shall be a mother of nations; kings of people shall proceed from her.I will bless her, and moreover I will give you a son by her. Yes, I will bless her, and she will be a mother of nations. Kings of peoples will come from her." and I have blessed her, and have also given to thee a son from her; and I have blessed her, and she hath become nations &#8212; kings of peoples are from her.' And I will bless her, and give you a son also of her: yes, I will bless her, and she shall be a mother of nations; kings of people shall be of her.
Genesis 17:17 Then Abraham fell upon his face, and laughed, and said in his heart, Shall a child be born unto him that is an hundred years old? and shall Sarah, that is ninety years old, bear? Then Abraham fell upon his face, and laughed, and said in his heart, Shall a child be born unto him that is a hundred years old? and shall Sarah, that is ninety years old, bear? Abraham fell upon his face, and laughed, saying in his heart: Shall a son, thinkest thou, be born to him that is a hundred years old? and shall Sara that is ninety years old bring forth?  And Abraham fell on his face and laughed, and said in his heart, Shall a child be born to him that is a hundred years old? and shall Sarah, who is ninety years old, bear? Then Abraham fell upon his face, and laughed, and said in his heart, Shall a child be born unto him that is an hundred years old? and shall Sarah, that is ninety years old, bear? Then Abraham fell upon his face, and laughed, and said in his heart, Shall a child be born to him that is a hundred years old? and shall Sarah, who is ninety years old, bear? Then Abraham fell on his face, and laughed, and said in his heart, "Will a child be born to him who is one hundred years old? Will Sarah, who is ninety years old, give birth?" And Abraham falleth upon his face, and laugheth, and saith in his heart, 'To the son of an hundred years is one born? or doth Sarah &#8212; daughter of ninety years &#8212; bear?' Then Abraham fell on his face, and laughed, and said in his heart, Shall a child be born to him that is an hundred years old? and shall Sarah, that is ninety years old, bear? 
Genesis 17:18 And Abraham said unto God, O that Ishmael might live before thee! And Abraham said unto God, Oh that Ishmael might live before thee! And he said to God: O that Ismael may live before thee. And Abraham said to God, Oh that Ishmael might live before thee! And Abraham said unto God, Oh that Ishmael might live before thee! And Abraham said to God, O that Ishmael might live before thee! Abraham said to God, "Oh that Ishmael might live before you!" And Abraham saith unto God, 'O that Ishmael may live before Thee;' And Abraham said to God, O that Ishmael might live before you! 
Genesis 17:19 And God said, Sarah thy wife shall bear thee a son indeed; and thou shalt call his name Isaac: and I will establish my covenant with him for an everlasting covenant, and with his seed after him. And God said, Nay, but Sarah thy wife shall bear thee a son; and thou shalt call his name Isaac: and I will establish my covenant with him for an everlasting covenant for his seed after him. And God said to Abraham: Sara thy wife shall bear thee a son, and thou shalt call his name Isaac, and I will establish my covenant with him for a perpetual covenant, and with his seed after him. And God said, Sarah thy wife shall indeed bear thee a son; and thou shalt call his name Isaac; and I will establish my covenant with him, for an everlasting covenant for his seed after him. And God said, Nay, but Sarah thy wife shall bear thee a son; and thou shalt call his name Isaac: and I will establish my covenant with him for an everlasting covenant for his seed after him. And God said, Sarah thy wife shall bear thee a son indeed; and thou shalt call his name Isaac: and I will establish my covenant with him for an everlasting covenant, and with his seed after him.God said, "No, but Sarah, your wife, will bear you a son. You shall call his name Isaac. I will establish my covenant with him for an everlasting covenant for his seed after him. And God saith, 'Sarah thy wife is certainly bearing a son to thee, and thou hast called his name Isaac, and I have established My covenant with him, for a covenant age-during, to his seed after him. And God said, Sarah your wife shall bear you a son indeed; and you shall call his name Isaac: and I will establish my covenant with him for an everlasting covenant, and with his seed after him.
Genesis 17:20 And as for Ishmael, I have heard thee: Behold, I have blessed him, and will make him fruitful, and will multiply him exceedingly; twelve princes shall he beget, and I will make him a great nation. And as for Ishmael, I have heard thee: behold, I have blessed him, and will make him fruitful, and will multiply him exceedingly; twelve princes shall he beget, and I will make him a great nation. And as for Ismael I have also heard thee. Behold, I will bless him, and increase, and multiply him exceedingly: he shall beget twelve chiefs, and I will make him a great nation. And for Ishmael I have heard thee: behold, I will bless him, and will make him fruitful, and will very greatly multiply him; twelve princes shall he beget, and I will make him a great nation. And as for Ishmael, I have heard thee: behold, I have blessed him, and will make him fruitful, and will multiply him exceedingly; twelve princes shall he beget, and I will make him a great nation. And as for Ishmael, I have heard thee: Behold, I have blessed him, and will make him fruitful, and will multiply him exceedingly; twelve princes shall he beget, and I will make him a great nation. As for Ishmael, I have heard you. Behold, I have blessed him, and will make him fruitful, and will multiply him exceedingly. He will become the father of twelve princes, and I will make him a great nation. As to Ishmael, I have heard thee; lo, I have blessed him, and made him fruitful, and multiplied him, very exceedingly; twelve princes doth he beget, and I have made him become a great nation; And as for Ishmael, I have heard you: Behold, I have blessed him, and will make him fruitful, and will multiply him exceedingly; twelve princes shall he beget, and I will make him a great nation.
Genesis 17:21 But my covenant will I establish with Isaac, which Sarah shall bear unto thee at this set time in the next year.But my covenant will I establish with Isaac, whom Sarah shall bear unto thee at this set time in the next year.But my covenant I will establish with Isaac, whom Sara shall bring forth to thee at this time in the next year. But my covenant will I establish with Isaac, whom Sarah shall bear to thee at this appointed time in the next year.But my covenant will I establish with Isaac, which Sarah shall bear unto thee at this set time in the next year.But my covenant will I establish with Isaac, whom Sarah shall bear to thee at this set time in the next year.But my covenant I establish with Isaac, whom Sarah will bear to you at this set time next year." and My covenant I establish with Isaac, whom Sarah doth bear to thee at this appointed time in the next year;' But my covenant will I establish with Isaac, which Sarah shall bear to you at this set time in the next year.
Genesis 17:22 And he left off talking with him, and God went up from Abraham. And he left off talking with him, and God went up from Abraham. And when he had left oil speaking with him, God went up from Abraham. And he left off talking with him; and God went up from Abraham. And he left off talking with him, and God went up from Abraham. And he ceased talking with him, and God went up from Abraham.When he finished talking with him, God went up from Abraham. And He finisheth speaking with him, and God goeth up from Abraham. And he left off talking with him, and God went up from Abraham.
Genesis 17:23 And Abraham took Ishmael his son, and all that were born in his house, and all that were bought with his money, every male among the men of Abraham's house; and circumcised the flesh of their foreskin in the selfsame day, as God had said unto him. And Abraham took Ishmael his son, and all that were born in his house, and all that were bought with his money, every male among the men of Abraham's house, and circumcised the flesh of their foreskin in the selfsame day, as God had said unto him. And Abraham took Ismael his son, and all that were born in his house: and all whom he had bought, every male among the men of his house: and he circumcised the flesh of their foreskin forthwith the very same day, as God had commanded him. And Abraham took Ishmael his son, and all who were born in his house, and all who were bought with his money every male among the people of Abraham's house and circumcised the flesh of their foreskin on that same day, as God had said to him. And Abraham took Ishmael his son, and all that were born in his house, and all that were bought with his money, every male among the men of Abraham's house, and circumcised the flesh of their foreskin in the selfsame day, as God had said unto him. And Abraham took Ishmael his son, and all that were born in his house, and all that were bought with his money, every male among the men of Abraham's house; and circumcised the flesh of their foreskin, in the same day, as God had said to him. Abraham took Ishmael his son, all who were born in his house, and all who were bought with his money; every male among the men of Abraham's house, and circumcised the flesh of their foreskin in the same day, as God had said to him. And Abraham taketh Ishmael his son, and all those born in his house, and all those bought with his money &#8212; every male among the men of Abraham's house &#8212; and circumciseth the flesh of their foreskin, in this self-same day, as God hath spoken with him. And Abraham took Ishmael his son, and all that were born in his house, and all that were bought with his money, every male among the men of Abraham's house; and circumcised the flesh of their foreskin in the selfsame day, as God had said to him.
Genesis 17:24 And Abraham was ninety years old and nine, when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin. And Abraham was ninety years old and nine, when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin. Abraham was ninety and nine years old, when he circumcised the flesh of his foreskin. And Abraham was ninety-nine years old when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin. And Abraham was ninety years old and nine, when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin. And Abraham was ninety and nine years old, when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin. Abraham was ninety-nine years old, when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin. And Abraham is a son of ninety and nine years in the flesh of his foreskin being circumcised; And Abraham was ninety years old and nine, when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin.
Genesis 17:25 And Ishmael his son was thirteen years old, when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin. And Ishmael his son was thirteen years old, when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin. And Ismael his son was full thirteen years old at the time of his circumcision. And Ishmael his son was thirteen years old when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin. And Ishmael his son was thirteen years old, when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin. And Ishmael his son was thirteen years old, when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin.Ishmael, his son, was thirteen years old when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin. And Ishmael his son is a son of thirteen years in the flesh of his foreskin being circumcised; And Ishmael his son was thirteen years old, when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin.
Genesis 17:26 In the selfsame day was Abraham circumcised, and Ishmael his son.In the selfsame day was Abraham circumcised, and Ishmael his son. The selfsame day was Abraham circumcised and Ismael his son. In the selfsame day was Abraham circumcised, and Ishmael his son; In the selfsame day was Abraham circumcised, and Ishmael his son.In the same day was Abraham circumcised, and Ishmael his son.In the same day both Abraham and Ishmael, his son, were circumcised.in this self-same day hath Abraham been circumcised, and Ishmael his son; In the selfsame day was Abraham circumcised, and Ishmael his son.
Genesis 17:27 And all the men of his house, born in the house, and bought with money of the stranger, were circumcised with him. And all the men of his house, those born in the house, and those bought with money of a foreigner, were circumcised with him. And all the men of his house, as well they that were born in his house, as the bought servants and strangers were circumcised with him. and all the men of his house, born in his house, or bought with money of the stranger, were circumcised with him. And all the men of his house, those born in the house, and those bought with money of the stranger, were circumcised with him. And all the men of his house, born in the house, and bought with money of the stranger, were circumcised with him. All the men of his house, those born in the house, and those bought with money of a foreigner, were circumcised with him. And all the men of his house &#8212; born in the house, and bought with money from the son of a stranger &#8212; have been circumcised with him. And all the men of his house, born in the house, and bought with money of the stranger, were circumcised with him.
Genesis 18:1 And the LORD appeared unto him in the plains of Mamre: and he sat in the tent door in the heat of the day; And Jehovah appeared unto him by the oaks of Mamre, as he sat in the tent door in the heat of the day; And the Lord appeared to him in the vale of Mambre as he was sitting at the door of his tent, in the very heat of the day. And Jehovah appeared to him by the oaks of Mamre. And he sat at the tent-door in the heat of the day. And the LORD appeared unto him by the oaks of Mamre, as he sat in the tent door in the heat of the day; And the LORD appeared to him in the plains of Mamre: and he sat in the tent door in the heat of the day; Yahweh appeared to him by the oaks of Mamre, as he sat in the tent door in the heat of the day. And Jehovah appeareth unto him among the oaks of Mamre, and he is sitting at the opening of the tent, about the heat of the day; And the LORD appeared to him in the plains of Mamre: and he sat in the tent door in the heat of the day; 
Genesis 18:2 And he lift up his eyes and looked, and, lo, three men stood by him: and when he saw them, he ran to meet them from the tent door, and bowed himself toward the ground, and he lifted up his eyes and looked, and, lo, three men stood over against him: and when he saw them, he ran to meet them from the tent door, and bowed himself to the earth, And when he had lifted up his eyes, there appeared to him three men standing near him: and as soon as he saw them he ran to meet them from the door of his tent, and adored down to the ground. And he lifted up his eyes and saw, and behold, three men standing near him. And when he saw them, he ran to meet them from the tent-door, and bowed himself to the earth, and he lift up his eyes and looked, and, lo, three men stood over against him: and when he saw them, he ran to meet them from the tent door, and bowed himself to the earth, And he lifted up his eyes and looked, and lo, three men stood by him: and when he saw them, he ran to meet them from the tent door, and bowed himself toward the ground, He lifted up his eyes and looked, and saw that three men stood opposite him. When he saw them, he ran to meet them from the tent door, and bowed himself to the earth, and he lifteth up his eyes and looketh, and lo, three men standing by him, and he seeth, and runneth to meet them from the opening of the tent, and boweth himself towards the earth, And he lift up his eyes and looked, and, see, three men stood by him: and when he saw them, he ran to meet them from the tent door, and bowed himself toward the ground, 
Genesis 18:3 And said, My Lord, if now I have found favour in thy sight, pass not away, I pray thee, from thy servant: and said, My lord, if now I have found favor in thy sight, pass not away, I pray thee, from thy servant: And he said: Lord, if I have found favour in thy sight, pass not away from thy servant:  and said, Lord, if now I have found favour in thine eyes, pass not away, I pray thee, from thy servant. And said, My lord, if now I have found favour in thy sight, pass not away, I pray thee, from thy servant: And said, My Lord, if now I have found favor in thy sight, pass not away, I pray thee, from thy servant: and said, "My lord, if now I have found favor in your sight, please don't go away from your servant. And he saith, 'My Lord, if, I pray thee, I have found grace in thine eyes, do not, I pray thee, pass on from thy servant; And said, My LORD, if now I have found favor in your sight, pass not away, I pray you, from your servant: 
Genesis 18:4 Let a little water, I pray you, be fetched, and wash your feet, and rest yourselves under the tree: let now a little water be fetched, and wash your feet, and rest yourselves under the tree: But I will fetch a little water, and wash ye your feet, and rest ye under the tree. Let now a little water be fetched, that ye may wash your feet, and rest yourselves under the tree.let now a little water be fetched, and wash your feet, and rest yourselves under the tree: Let a little water, I pray you, be brought, and wash your feet, and rest yourselves under the tree: Now let a little water be fetched, wash your feet, and rest yourselves under the tree.let, I pray thee, a little water be accepted, and wash your feet, and recline under the tree; Let a little water, I pray you, be fetched, and wash your feet, and rest yourselves under the tree: 
Genesis 18:5 And I will fetch a morsel of bread, and comfort ye your hearts; after that ye shall pass on: for therefore are ye come to your servant. And they said, So do, as thou hast said. And I will fetch a morsel of bread, and strengthen ye your heart; after that ye shall pass on: forasmuch as ye are come to your servant. And they said, So do, as thou hast said. And I will set a morsel of bread, and strengthen ye your heart, afterwards you shall pass on: for therefore are you come aside to your servant. And they said: Do as thou hast spoken. And I will fetch a morsel of bread; and refresh yourselves; after that ye shall pass on; for therefore have ye passed on towards your servant. And they said, So do as thou hast said. And I will fetch a morsel of bread, and comfort ye your heart; after that ye shall pass on: forasmuch as ye are come to your servant. And they said, So do, as thou hast said. And I will bring a morsel of bread, and comfort ye your hearts; after that you shall pass on: for therefore are ye come to your servant. And they said, So do, as thou hast said.I will get a morsel of bread so you can refresh your heart. After that you may go your way, now that you have come to your servant." They said, "Very well, do as you have said." and I bring a piece of bread, and support ye your heart; afterwards pass on, for therefore have ye passed over unto your servant;' and they say, 'So mayest thou do as thou has spoken.' And I will fetch a morsel of bread, and comfort you your hearts; after that you shall pass on: for therefore are you come to your servant. And they said, So do, as you have said.
Genesis 18:6 And Abraham hastened into the tent unto Sarah, and said, Make ready quickly three measures of fine meal, knead it, and make cakes upon the hearth. And Abraham hastened into the tent unto Sarah, and said, Make ready quickly three measures of fine meal, knead it, and make cakes. Abraham made haste into the tent to Sera, and said to her: Make haste, temper together three measures of flour, and make cakes upon the hearth. And Abraham hastened into the tent to Sarah, and said, Knead quickly three seahs of wheaten flour, and make cakes. And Abraham hastened into the tent unto Sarah, and said, Make ready quickly three measures of fine meal, knead it, and make cakes. And Abraham hastened into the tent to Sarah, and said, Make ready quickly three measures of fine meal, knead it, and make cakes upon the hearth. Abraham hurried into the tent to Sarah, and said, "Quickly prepare three measures of fine meal, knead it, and make cakes." And Abraham hasteth towards the tent, unto Sarah, and saith, 'Hasten three measures of flour-meal, knead, and make cakes;' And Abraham hastened into the tent to Sarah, and said, Make ready quickly three measures of fine meal, knead it, and make cakes on the hearth.
Genesis 18:7 And Abraham ran unto the herd, and fetcht a calf tender and good, and gave it unto a young man; and he hasted to dress it. And Abraham ran unto the herd, and fetched a calf tender and good, and gave it unto the servant; and he hasted to dress it. And he himself ran to the herd, and took from thence a calf very tender and very good, and gave it to a young man: who made haste and boiled it. And Abraham ran to the herd, and took a calf tender and good, and gave it to the attendant; and he hasted to dress it. And Abraham ran unto the herd, and fetched a calf tender and good, and gave it unto the servant; and he hasted to dress it. And Abraham ran to the herd, and brought a calf tender and good, and gave it to a young man; and he hasted to dress it. Abraham ran to the herd, and fetched a tender and good calf, and gave it to the servant. He hurried to dress it. And Abraham ran unto the herd, and taketh a son of the herd, tender and good, and giveth unto the young man, and he hasteth to prepare it; And Abraham ran to the herd, and fetched a calf tender and good, and gave it to a young man; and he hurried to dress it.
Genesis 18:8 And he took butter, and milk, and the calf which he had dressed, and set it before them; and he stood by them under the tree, and they did eat. And he took butter, and milk, and the calf which he had dressed, and set it before them; and he stood by them under the tree, and they did eat.He took also butter and milk, and the calf which he had boiled, and set before them: but he stood by them under the tree. And he took thick and sweet milk, and the calf that he had dressed, and set it before them; and he stood before them under the tree, and they ate. And he took butter, and milk, and the calf which he had dressed, and set it before them; and he stood by them under the tree, and they did eat. And he took butter, and milk, and the calf which he had dressed, and set it before them; and he stood by them under the tree, and they ate.He took butter, milk, and the calf which he had dressed, and set it before them. He stood by them under the tree, and they ate. And he taketh butter and milk, and the son of the herd which he hath prepared, and setteth before them; and he is standing by them under the tree, and they do eat. And he took butter, and milk, and the calf which he had dressed, and set it before them; and he stood by them under the tree, and they did eat.
Genesis 18:9 And they said unto him, Where is Sarah thy wife? And he said, Behold, in the tent. And they said unto him, Where is Sarah thy wife? And he said, Behold, in the tent. And when they had eaten, they said to him: Where is Sara thy wife? He answered: Lo, she is in the tent. And they said to him, Where is Sarah thy wife? And he said, Behold, in the tent. And they said unto him, Where is Sarah thy wife? And he said, Behold, in the tent. And they said to him, Where is Sarah thy wife? And he said, Behold, in the tent. They asked him, "Where is Sarah, your wife?" He said, "See, in the tent." And they say unto him, 'Where is Sarah thy wife?' and he saith, 'Lo &#8212; in the tent;' And they said to him, Where is Sarah your wife? And he said, Behold, in the tent.
Genesis 18:10 And he said, I will certainly return unto thee according to the time of life; and, lo, Sarah thy wife shall have a son. And Sarah heard it in the tent door, which was behind him. And he said, I will certainly return unto thee when the season cometh round; and, lo, Sarah thy wife shall have a son. And Sarah heard in the tent door, which was behind him. And he said to him: I will return and come to thee at this time, life accompanying and Sara thy wife shall have a son. Which when Sara heard, she laughed behind the door of the tent. And he said, I will certainly return to thee at this time of the year, and behold, Sarah thy wife shall have a son. And Sarah was listening at the tent-door, which was behind him. And he said, I will certainly return unto thee when the season cometh round; and, lo, Sarah thy wife shall have a son. And Sarah heard in the tent door, which was behind him. And he said, I will certainly return to thee according to the time of life; and lo, Sarah thy wife shall have a son. And Sarah heard it in the tent door, which was behind him.He said, "I will certainly return to you when the season comes round. Behold, Sarah your wife will have a son." Sarah heard in the tent door, which was behind him. And he saith, 'returning I return unto thee, about the time of life, and lo, to Sarah thy wife a son.' And he said, I will certainly return to you according to the time of life; and, see, Sarah your wife shall have a son. And Sarah heard it in the tent door, which was behind him.
Genesis 18:11 Now Abraham and Sarah were old and well stricken in age; and it ceased to be with Sarah after the manner of women.Now Abraham and Sarah were old, and well stricken in age; it had ceased to be with Sarah after the manner of women.Now they were both old, and far advanced in years, and it had ceased to be with Sara after the manner of women. Now Abraham and Sarah were old and advanced in age: it had ceased to be with Sarah after the manner of women.Now Abraham and Sarah were old, and well stricken in age; it had ceased to be with Sarah after the manner of women.Now Abraham and Sarah were old and far advanced in age; and it ceased to be with Sarah after the manner of women.Now Abraham and Sarah were old, well advanced in age. Sarah had passed the age of childbearing. And Sarah is hearkening at the opening of the tent, which is behind him; Now Abraham and Sarah were old and well stricken in age; and it ceased to be with Sarah after the manner of women.
Genesis 18:12 Therefore Sarah laughed within herself, saying, After I am waxed old shall I have pleasure, my lord being old also? And Sarah laughed within herself, saying, After I am waxed old shall I have pleasure, my lord being old also? And she laughed secretly, saying: After I am grown old, and my lord is an old man, shall I give myself to pleasure?  And Sarah laughed within herself, saying, After I am become old, shall I have pleasure, and my lord old? And Sarah laughed within herself, saying, After I am waxed old shall I have pleasure, my lord being old also? Therefore Sarah laughed within herself, saying, After I am become old shall I have pleasure, my lord being old also? Sarah laughed within herself, saying, "After I have grown old will I have pleasure, my lord being old also?" and Abraham and Sarah are aged, entering into days &#8212; the way of women hath ceased to be to Sarah; Therefore Sarah laughed within herself, saying, After I am waxed old shall I have pleasure, my lord being old also? 
Genesis 18:13 And the LORD said unto Abraham, Wherefore did Sarah laugh, saying, Shall I of a surety bear a child, which am old? And Jehovah said unto Abraham, Wherefore did Sarah laugh, saying, Shall I of a surety bear a child, who am old? And the Lord said to Abraham: Why did Sera laugh, saying: Shall I who am an old woman bear a child indeed ?  And Jehovah said to Abraham, Why is this, that Sarah laughs, saying, Shall I indeed bear, when I am become old? And the LORD said unto Abraham, Wherefore did Sarah laugh, saying, Shall I of a surety bear a child, which am old? And the LORD said to Abraham, Why did Sarah laugh, saying, Shall I certainly bear a child, who am old? Yahweh said to Abraham, "Why did Sarah laugh, saying, 'Will I really bear a child, yet I am old?' and Sarah laugheth in her heart, saying, 'After I have waxed old I have had pleasure! &#8212; my lord also is old!' And the LORD said to Abraham, Why did Sarah laugh, saying, Shall I of a surety bear a child, which am old? 
Genesis 18:14 Is any thing too hard for the LORD? At the time appointed I will return unto thee, according to the time of life, and Sarah shall have a son.Is anything too hard for Jehovah? At the set time I will return unto thee, when the season cometh round, and Sarah shall have a son.Is there any thing hard to God? according to appointment I will return to thee at this same time, life accompanying, and Sara shall have a son. Is any matter too wonderful for Jehovah? At the time appointed I will return to thee, at this time of the year, and Sarah shall have a son.Is any thing too hard for the LORD? At the set time I will return unto thee, when the season cometh round, and Sarah shall have a son.Is any thing too hard for the LORD? At the time appointed I will return to thee, according to the time of life, and Sarah shall have a son.Is anything too hard for Yahweh? At the set time I will return to you, when the season comes round, and Sarah will have a son." And Jehovah saith unto Abraham, 'Why is this? Sarah hath laughed, saying, Is it true really &#8212; I bear &#8212; and I am aged? Is any thing too wonderful for Jehovah? at the appointed time I return unto thee, about the time of life, and Sarah hath a son.' Is any thing too hard for the LORD? At the time appointed I will return to you, according to the time of life, and Sarah shall have a son.
Genesis 18:15 Then Sarah denied, saying, I laughed not; for she was afraid. And he said, Nay; but thou didst laugh. Then Sarah denied, saying, I laughed not; for she was afraid. And he said, Nay; but thou didst laugh. Sara denied, saying: I did not laugh: for she was afraid. But the Lord said, Nay: but thou didst laugh:  And Sarah denied, saying, I did not laugh; for she was afraid. And he said, No; but thou didst laugh. Then Sarah denied, saying, I laughed not; for she was afraid. And he said, Nay; but thou didst laugh. Then Sarah denied, saying, I laughed not; for she was afraid. And he said, Nay; but thou didst laugh. Then Sarah denied, saying, "I didn't laugh," for she was afraid. He said, "No, but you did laugh." And Sarah denieth, saying, 'I did not laugh;' for she hath been afraid; and He saith, 'Nay, but thou didst laugh.' Then Sarah denied, saying, I laughed not; for she was afraid. And he said, No; but you did laugh.
Genesis 18:16 And the men rose up from thence, and looked toward Sodom: and Abraham went with them to bring them on the way. And the men rose up from thence, and looked toward Sodom: and Abraham went with them to bring them on the way. And when the men rose up from thence, they turned their eyes towards Sodom: and Abraham walked with them, bringing them on the way. And the men rose up thence, and looked toward Sodom; and Abraham went with them to conduct them. And the men rose up from thence, and looked toward Sodom: and Abraham went with them to bring them on the way. And the men rose up from thence, and looked toward Sodom: and Abraham went with them to bring them on the way. The men rose up from there, and looked toward Sodom. Abraham went with them to see them on their way. And the men rise from thence, and look on the face of Sodom, and Abraham is going with them to send them away; And the men rose up from there, and looked toward Sodom: and Abraham went with them to bring them on the way.
Genesis 18:17 And the LORD said, Shall I hide from Abraham that thing which I do; And Jehovah said, Shall I hide from Abraham that which I do; And the Lord said: Can I hide from Abraham what I am about to do:  And Jehovah said, Shall I hide from Abraham what I am doing? And the LORD said, Shall I hide from Abraham that which I do; And the LORD said, Shall I hide from Abraham that thing which I do; Yahweh said, "Will I hide from Abraham what I do, and Jehovah said, 'Am I concealing from Abraham that which I am doing, And the LORD said, Shall I hide from Abraham that thing which I do; 
Genesis 18:18 Seeing that Abraham shall surely become a great and mighty nation, and all the nations of the earth shall be blessed in him? seeing that Abraham had surely become a great and mighty nation, and all the nations of the earth shall be blessed in him? Seeing he shall become a great and mighty nation, and in him all the nations of the earth shall be blessed?  Since Abraham shall indeed become a great and mighty nation; and all the nations of the earth shall be blessed in him. Seeing that Abraham shall surely become a great and mighty nation, and all the nations of the earth shall be blessed in him? Seeing that Abraham shall surely become a great and mighty nation, and all the nations of the earth shall be blessed in him? since Abraham has surely become a great and mighty nation, and all the nations of the earth will be blessed in him? and Abraham certainly becometh a nation great and mighty, and blessed in him have been all nations of the earth? Seeing that Abraham shall surely become a great and mighty nation, and all the nations of the earth shall be blessed in him? 
Genesis 18:19 For I know him, that he will command his children and his household after him, and they shall keep the way of the LORD, to do justice and judgment; that the LORD may bring upon Abraham that which he hath spoken of him.For I have known him, to the end that he may command his children and his household after him, that they may keep the way of Jehovah, to do righteousness and justice; to the end that Jehovah may bring upon Abraham that which he hath spoken of him.For I know that he will command his children, and his household after him to keep the way of the Lord, and do judgment and justice: that for Abraham's sake the Lord may bring to effect all the things he hath spoken unto him. For I know him that he will command his children and his household after him, and they shall keep the way of Jehovah, to do righteousness and justice, in order that Jehovah may bring upon Abraham what he hath spoken of him.For I have known him, to the end that he may command his children and his household after him, that they may keep the way of the LORD, to do justice and judgment; to the end that the LORD may bring upon Abraham that which he hath spoken of him.For I know him, that he will command his children and his household after him, and they will keep the way of the LORD, to do justice and judgment; that the LORD may bring upon Abraham that which he hath spoken of him.For I have known him, to the end that he may command his children and his household after him, that they may keep the way of Yahweh, to do righteousness and justice; to the end that Yahweh may bring on Abraham that which he has spoken of him." for I have known him, that he commandeth his children, and his house after him (and they have kept the way of Jehovah), to do righteousness and judgment, that Jehovah may bring on Abraham that which He hath spoken concerning him.' For I know him, that he will command his children and his household after him, and they shall keep the way of the LORD, to do justice and judgment; that the LORD may bring on Abraham that which he has spoken of him.
Genesis 18:20 And the LORD said, Because the cry of Sodom and Gomorrah is great, and because their sin is very grievous; And Jehovah said, Because the cry of Sodom and Gomorrah is great, and because their sin is very grievous; And the Lord said: The cry of Sodom and Gomorrha is multiplied, and their sin is become exceedingly grievous. And Jehovah said, Because the cry of Sodom and Gomorrah is great and their sin is very grievous, And the LORD said, Because the cry of Sodom and Gomorrah is great, and because their sin is very grievous; And the LORD said, Because the cry of Sodom and Gomorrah is great, and because their sin is very grievous; Yahweh said, "Because the cry of Sodom and Gomorrah is great, and because their sin is very grievous, And Jehovah saith, 'The cry of Sodom and Gomorrah &#8212; because great; and their sin &#8212; because exceeding grievous: And the LORD said, Because the cry of Sodom and Gomorrah is great, and because their sin is very grievous; 
Genesis 18:21 I will go down now, and see whether they have done altogether according to the cry of it, which is come unto me; and if not, I will know.I will go down now, and see whether they have done altogether according to the cry of it, which is come unto me; and if not, I will know.I will go down and see whether they have done according to the cry that is come to me: or whether it be not so, that I may know. I will go down now, and see whether they have done altogether according to the cry of it, which is come to me; and if not, I will know it.I will go down now, and see whether they have done altogether according to the cry of it, which is come unto me; and if not, I will know.I will go down now, and see whether they have done altogether according to the cry of it, which is come to me; and if not, I will know.I will go down now, and see whether their deeds are as bad as the reports which have come to me. If not, I will know." I go down now, and see whether according to its cry which is coming unto Me they have done completely &#8212; and if not &#8212; I know;' I will go down now, and see whether they have done altogether according to the cry of it, which is come to me; and if not, I will know.
Genesis 18:22 And the men turned their faces from thence, and went toward Sodom: but Abraham stood yet before the LORD. And the men turned from thence, and went toward Sodom: but Abraham stood yet before Jehovah. And they turned themselves from thence, and went their way to Sodom: but Abraham as yet stood before the Lord. And the men turned thence, and went towards Sodom; and Abraham remained yet standing before Jehovah. And the men turned from thence, and went toward Sodom: but Abraham stood yet before the LORD. And the men turned their faces from thence, and went towards Sodom: but Abraham stood yet before the LORD. The men turned from there, and went toward Sodom, but Abraham stood yet before Yahweh. And the men turn from thence, and go towards Sodom; and Abraham is yet standing before Jehovah. And the men turned their faces from there, and went toward Sodom: but Abraham stood yet before the LORD.
Genesis 18:23 And Abraham drew near, and said, Wilt thou also destroy the righteous with the wicked? And Abraham drew near, and said, Wilt thou consume the righteous with the wicked? And drawing nigh he said: Wilt thou destroy the just with the wicked?  And Abraham drew near, and said, Wilt thou also cause the righteous to perish with the wicked? And Abraham drew near, and said, Wilt thou consume the righteous with the wicked? And Abraham drew near, and said, Wilt thou also destroy the righteous with the wicked? Abraham drew near, and said, "Will you consume the righteous with the wicked? And Abraham draweth nigh and saith, 'Dost Thou also consume righteous with wicked? And Abraham drew near, and said, Will you also destroy the righteous with the wicked? 
Genesis 18:24 Peradventure there be fifty righteous within the city: wilt thou also destroy and not spare the place for the fifty righteous that are therein? Peradventure there are fifty righteous within the city: wilt thou consume and not spare the place for the fifty righteous that are therein? If there be fifty just men in the city, shall they perish withal? and wilt thou not spare that place for the sake of the fifty just, if they be therein?  There are perhaps fifty righteous within the city: wilt thou also destroy and not forgive the place for the sake of the fifty righteous that are therein? Peradventure there be fifty righteous within the city: wilt thou consume and not spare the place for the fifty righteous that are therein? Peradventure there are fifty righteous within the city: wilt thou also destroy and not spare the place for the fifty righteous that are in it? What if there are fifty righteous within the city? Will you consume and not spare the place for the fifty righteous who are in it? peradventure there are fifty righteous in the midst of the city; dost Thou also consume, and not bear with the place for the sake of the fifty &#8212; the righteous who are in its midst? Peradventure there be fifty righteous within the city: will you also destroy and not spare the place for the fifty righteous that are therein? 
Genesis 18:25 That be far from thee to do after this manner, to slay the righteous with the wicked: and that the righteous should be as the wicked, that be far from thee: Shall not the Judge of all the earth do right? That be far from thee to do after this manner, to slay the righteous with the wicked, that so the righteous should be as the wicked; that be far from thee: shall not the Judge of all the earth do right? Far be it from thee to do this thing, and to slay the just with the wicked, and for the just to be in like case as the wicked, this is not beseeming thee: thou who judgest all the earth, wilt not make this judgment. Far be it from thee to do so, to slay the righteous with the wicked, that the righteous should be as the wicked far be it from thee! Will not the Judge of all the earth do right? That be far from thee to do after this manner, to slay the righteous with the wicked, that so the righteous should be as the wicked; that be far from thee: shall not the Judge of all the earth do right? That be far from thee to do after this manner, to slay the righteous with the wicked: and that the righteous should be as the wicked, that be far from thee: Shall not the Judge of all the earth do right? Be it far from you to do things like that, to kill the righteous with the wicked, so that the righteous should be like the wicked. May that be far from you. Shouldn't the Judge of all the earth do right?" Far be it from Thee to do according to this thing, to put to death the righteous with the wicked; that it hath been &#8212; as the righteous so the wicked &#8212; far be it from Thee; doth the Judge of all the earth not do justice?' That be far from you to do after this manner, to slay the righteous with the wicked: and that the righteous should be as the wicked, that be far from you: Shall not the Judge of all the earth do right? 
Genesis 18:26 And the LORD said, If I find in Sodom fifty righteous within the city, then I will spare all the place for their sakes. And Jehovah said, If I find in Sodom fifty righteous within the city, then I will spare all the place for their sake. And the Lord said to him: If I And in Sodom fifty just within the city, I will spare the whole place for their sake. And Jehovah said, If I find at Sodom fifty righteous within the city, then I will forgive all the place for their sakes. And the LORD said, If I find in Sodom fifty righteous within the city, then I will spare all the place for their sake. And the LORD said, If I find in Sodom fifty righteous within the city, then I will spare all the place for their sakes.Yahweh said, "If I find in Sodom fifty righteous within the city, then I will spare all the place for their sake." And Jehovah saith, 'If I find in Sodom fifty righteous in the midst of the city, then have I borne with all the place for their sake.' And the LORD said, If I find in Sodom fifty righteous within the city, then I will spare all the place for their sakes.
Genesis 18:27 And Abraham answered and said, Behold now, I have taken upon me to speak unto the Lord, which am but dust and ashes: And Abraham answered and said, Behold now, I have taken upon me to speak unto the Lord, who am but dust and ashes: And Abraham answered, and said: Seeing I have once begun, I will speak to my Lord, whereas I am dust and ashes. And Abraham answered and said, Behold now, I have ventured to speak unto the Lord; I, who am dust and ashes. And Abraham answered and said, Behold now, I have taken upon me to speak unto the Lord, which am but dust and ashes: And Abraham answered and said, Behold now, I, who am dust and ashes, have taken upon me to speak to the Lord. Abraham answered, "See now, I have taken it on myself to speak to the Lord, who am but dust and ashes. And Abraham answereth and saith, 'Lo, I pray thee, I have willed to speak unto the Lord, and I &#8212; dust and ashes; And Abraham answered and said, Behold now, I have taken on me to speak to the LORD, which am but dust and ashes: 
Genesis 18:28 Peradventure there shall lack five of the fifty righteous: wilt thou destroy all the city for lack of five? And he said, If I find there forty and five, I will not destroy it.peradventure there shall lack five of the fifty righteous: wilt thou destroy all the city for lack of five? And he said, I will not destroy it, if I find there forty and five.What if there be Ave less than fifty just persons? wilt thou for five and forty destroy the whole city? And he said: I will not destroy it, if I find five and forty. Perhaps there may want five of the fifty righteous: wilt thou destroy all the city on account of the five? And he said, If I shall find forty-five there, I will not destroy it.peradventure there shall lack five of the fifty righteous: wilt thou destroy all the city for lack of five? And he said, I will not destroy it, if I find there forty and five.Peradventure there will lack five of the fifty righteous: wilt thou destroy all the city for lack of five? And he said, If I find there forty and five, I will not destroy it.What if there will lack five of the fifty righteous? Will you destroy all the city for lack of five?" He said, "I will not destroy it, if I find forty-five there." peradventure there are lacking five of the fifty righteous &#8212; dost Thou destroy for five the whole of the city?' and He saith, 'I destroy it not, if I find there forty and five.' Peradventure there shall lack five of the fifty righteous: will you destroy all the city for lack of five? And he said, If I find there forty and five, I will not destroy it.
Genesis 18:29 And he spake unto him yet again, and said, Peradventure there shall be forty found there. And he said, I will not do it for forty's sake. And he spake unto him yet again, and said, Peradventure there shall be forty found there. And he said, I will not do it for the forty's sake. And again he said to him: But if forty be found there, what wilt thou do? He said: I will not destroy it for the sake of forty. And he continued yet to speak with him, and said, Perhaps there may be forty found there. And he said, I will not do it for the forty's sake. And he spake unto him yet again, and said, Peradventure there shall be forty found there. And he said, I will not do it for the forty's sake. And he spoke to him yet again, and said, Peradventure there will be forty found there. And he said, I will not do it for forty's sake.He spoke to him yet again, and said, "What if there are forty found there?" He said, "I will not do it for the forty's sake." And he addeth again to speak unto Him and saith, 'Peradventure there are found there forty?' and He saith, 'I do it not, because of the forty.' And he spoke to him yet again, and said, Peradventure there shall be forty found there. And he said, I will not do it for forty's sake.
Genesis 18:30 And he said unto him, Oh let not the Lord be angry, and I will speak: Peradventure there shall thirty be found there. And he said, I will not do it, if I find thirty there. And he said, Oh let not the Lord be angry, and I will speak: peradventure there shall thirty be found there. And he said, I will not do it, if I find thirty there.Lord, saith he, be not angry, I beseech thee, if I speak: What if thirty shall be found there? He answered: I will not do it, if I And thirty there. And he said, Oh, let not the Lord be angry that I speak! Perhaps there may be thirty found there. And he said, I will not do it if I find thirty there. And he said, Oh let not the Lord be angry, and I will speak: peradventure there shall thirty be found there. And he said, I will not do it, if I find thirty there. And he said, Oh, let not the Lord be angry, and I will speak: Peradventure there will thirty be found there. And he said, I will not do it, if I find thirty there.He said, "Oh don't let the Lord be angry, and I will speak. What if there are thirty found there?" He said, "I will not do it, if I find thirty there." And he saith, 'Let it not be, I Pray thee, displeasing to the Lord, and I speak: peradventure there are found there thirty?' and He saith, 'I do it not, if I find there thirty.' And he said to him, Oh let not the LORD be angry, and I will speak: Peradventure there shall thirty be found there. And he said, I will not do it, if I find thirty there.
Genesis 18:31 And he said, Behold now, I have taken upon me to speak unto the Lord: Peradventure there shall be twenty found there. And he said, I will not destroy it for twenty's sake. And he said, Behold now, I have taken upon me to speak unto the Lord: peradventure there shall be twenty found there. And he said, I will not destroy it for the twenty's sake. Seeing, saith he, I have once begun, I will speak to my Lord. What if twenty be found there? He said: I will not destroy it for the sake of twenty. And he said, Behold now, I have ventured to speak with the Lord. Perhaps there may be twenty found there. And he said, I will not destroy it for the twenty's sake. And he said, Behold now, I have taken upon me to speak unto the Lord: peradventure there shall be twenty found there. And he said, I will not destroy it for the twenty's sake. And he said, Behold now, I have taken upon me to speak to the Lord: Peradventure there will be twenty found there. And he said, I will not destroy it for twenty's sake.He said, "See now, I have taken it on myself to speak to the Lord. What if there are twenty found there?" He said, "I will not destroy it for the twenty's sake." And he saith, 'Lo, I pray thee, I have willed to speak unto the Lord: peradventure there are found there twenty?' and He saith, 'I do not destroy it, because of the twenty.' And he said, Behold now, I have taken on me to speak to the LORD: Peradventure there shall be twenty found there. And he said, I will not destroy it for twenty's sake.
Genesis 18:32 And he said, Oh let not the Lord be angry, and I will speak yet but this once: Peradventure ten shall be found there. And he said, I will not destroy it for ten's sake. And he said, Oh let not the Lord be angry, and I will speak yet but this once: peradventure ten shall be found there. And he said, I will not destroy it for the ten's sake.I beseech thee, saith he, be not angry, Lord, if I speak yet once more: What if tell should be found there ? And he said: I will not destroy it for the sake of ten. And he said, Oh, let not the Lord be angry, that I speak yet but this time! Perhaps there may be ten found there. And he said, I will not destroy it for the ten's sake. And he said, Oh let not the Lord be angry, and I will speak yet but this once: peradventure ten shall be found there. And he said, I will not destroy it for the ten's sake. And he said, Oh let not the Lord be angry, and I will speak yet but this once: Peradventure ten will be found there. And he said, I will not destroy it for ten's sake.He said, "Oh don't let the Lord be angry, and I will speak just once more. What if ten are found there?" He said, "I will not destroy it for the ten's sake." And he saith, 'Let it not be, I pray Thee, displeasing to the Lord, and I speak only this time: peradventure there are found there ten?' and He saith, 'I do not destroy it, because of the ten.' And he said, Oh let not the LORD be angry, and I will speak yet but this once: Peradventure ten shall be found there. And he said, I will not destroy it for ten's sake.
Genesis 18:33 And the LORD went his way, as soon as he had left communing with Abraham: and Abraham returned unto his place. And Jehovah went his way, as soon as he had left off communing with Abraham: and Abraham returned unto his place. And the Lord departed, after he had left speaking to Abraham: and Abraham returned to his place. And Jehovah went away when he had ended speaking to Abraham; and Abraham returned to his place. And the LORD went his way, as soon as he had left communing with Abraham: and Abraham returned unto his place. And the LORD went his way, as soon as he had left communing with Abraham: and Abraham returned to his place.Yahweh went his way, as soon as he had finished communing with Abraham, and Abraham returned to his place. And Jehovah goeth on, when He hath finished speaking unto Abraham, and Abraham hath turned back to his place. And the LORD went his way, as soon as he had left communing with Abraham: and Abraham returned to his place.
Genesis 19:1 And there came two angels to Sodom at even; and Lot sat in the gate of Sodom: and Lot seeing them rose up to meet them; and he bowed himself with his face toward the ground; And the two angels came to Sodom at even; and Lot sat in the gate of Sodom: and Lot saw them, and rose up to meet them; and he bowed himself with his face to the earth; And the two angels came to Sodom ii in the evening, and Lot was sitting in the gate of the city. And seeing them, he rose up and went to meet them: and worshipped prostrate to the ground,  And the two angels came to Sodom at even. And Lot was sitting in the gate of Sodom. And Lot saw them, and rose up to meet them; and he bowed down, the face toward the ground, And the two angels came to Sodom at even; and Lot sat in the gate of Sodom: and Lot saw them, and rose up to meet them; and he bowed himself with his face to the earth; And there came two angels to Sodom at evening; and Lot sat in the gate of Sodom; and Lot seeing them, rose to meet them; and he bowed himself with his face towards the ground; The two angels came to Sodom at evening. Lot sat in the gate of Sodom. Lot saw them, and rose up to meet them. He bowed himself with his face to the earth, And two of the messengers come towards Sodom at even, and Lot is sitting at the gate of Sodom, and Lot seeth, and riseth to meet them, and boweth himself &#8212; face to the earth, And there came two angels to Sodom at even; and Lot sat in the gate of Sodom: and Lot seeing them rose up to meet them; and he bowed himself with his face toward the ground; 
Genesis 19:2 And he said, Behold now, my lords, turn in, I pray you, into your servant's house, and tarry all night, and wash your feet, and ye shall rise up early, and go on your ways. And they said, Nay; but we will abide in the street all night. And he said, Behold now, my lords, turn aside, I pray you, into your servant's house, and tarry all night, and wash your feet, and ye shall rise up early, and go on your way. And they said, Nay; but we will abide in the street all night. And said: I beseech you, my lords, turn in to the house of your servant, and lodge there: wash your feet, and in the morning you shall go on your way. And they said: No, but we will abide in the street. and he said, Behold now, my lords, turn in, I pray you, into your servant's house, and lodge, and wash your feet; and ye shall rise up early, and go on your way. And they said, No; but we will pass the night in the open place. And he said, Behold now, my lords, turn aside, I pray you, into your servant's house, and tarry all night, and wash your feet, and ye shall rise up early, and go on your way. And they said, Nay; but we will abide in the street all night. And he said, Behold now, my lords, turn, I pray you, into your servant's house, and tarry all night, and wash your feet, and ye shall rise early, and go on your ways. And they said, Nay; but we will abide in the street all night. And he said, "See now, my lords, please turn aside into your servant's house, stay all night, wash your feet, and you can rise up early, and go on your way." They said, "No, but we will stay in the street all night." and he saith, 'Lo, I pray you, my lords, turn aside, I pray you, unto the house of your servant, and lodge, and wash your feet &#8212; then ye have risen early and gone on your way;' and they say, 'Nay, but in the broad place we do lodge.' And he said, Behold now, my lords, turn in, I pray you, into your servant's house, and tarry all night, and wash your feet, and you shall rise up early, and go on your ways. And they said, No; but we will abide in the street all night.
Genesis 19:3 And he pressed upon them greatly; and they turned in unto him, and entered into his house; and he made them a feast, and did bake unleavened bread, and they did eat. And he urged them greatly; and they turned in unto him, and entered into his house; and he made them a feast, and did bake unleavened bread, and they did eat.He pressed them very much to turn in unto him: and when they were come in to his house, he made them a feast, and baked unleavened bread and they ate:  And he urged them greatly; and they turned in unto him, and entered into his house. And he made them a repast, and baked unleavened cakes; and they ate. And he urged them greatly; and they turned in unto him, and entered into his house; and he made them a feast, and did bake unleavened bread, and they did eat. And he urged them greatly; and they turned in to him, and entered into his house; and he made them a feast, and baked unleavened bread, and they ate.He urged them greatly, and they came in with him, and entered into his house. He made them a feast, and baked unleavened bread, and they ate. And he presseth on them greatly, and they turn aside unto him, and come in unto his house; and he maketh for them a banquet, and hath baked unleavened things; and they do eat. And he pressed on them greatly; and they turned in to him, and entered into his house; and he made them a feast, and did bake unleavened bread, and they did eat.
Genesis 19:4 But before they lay down, the men of the city, even the men of Sodom, compassed the house round, both old and young, all the people from every quarter: But before they lay down, the men of the city, even the men of Sodom, compassed the house round, both young and old, all the people from every quarter; But before they went to bed, the men of the city beset the house both young and old, all the people together. Before they lay down, the men of the city, the men of Sodom, surrounded the house, from the youngest to the oldest all the people from every quarter.But before they lay down, the men of the city, even the men of Sodom, compassed the house round, both young and old, all the people from every quarter; But before they lay down, the men of the city, even the men of Sodom, surrounded the house, both old and young, all the people from every quarter: But before they lay down, the men of the city, the men of Sodom, surrounded the house, both young and old, all the people from every quarter.Before they lie down, the men of the city &#8212; men of Sodom &#8212; have come round about against the house, from young even unto aged, all the people from the extremity; But before they lay down, the men of the city, even the men of Sodom, compassed the house round, both old and young, all the people from every quarter: 
Genesis 19:5 And they called unto Lot, and said unto him, Where are the men which came in to thee this night? bring them out unto us, that we may know them. And they called unto Lot, and said unto him, Where are the men that came in to thee this night? bring them out unto us, that we may know them. And they called Lot, and said to him: Where are the men that came in to thee at night? bring them out hither that we may know them:  And they called to Lot, and said to him, Where are the men that have come in to thee to-night? bring them out to us that we may know them. And they called unto Lot, and said unto him, Where are the men which came in to thee this night? bring them out unto us, that we may know them. And they called to Lot, and said to him, Where are the men who came in to thee this night? bring them out to us, that we may know them. They called to Lot, and said to him, "Where are the men who came in to you this night? Bring them out to us, that we may have sex with them." and they call unto Lot and say to him, 'Where are the men who have come in unto thee to-night? bring them out unto us, and we know them.' And they called to Lot, and said to him, Where are the men which came in to you this night? bring them out to us, that we may know them.
Genesis 19:6 And Lot went out at the door unto them, and shut the door after him, And Lot went out unto them to the door, and shut the door after him.Lot went out to them, and shut the door after him, and said:  And Lot went out to them to the entrance, and shut the door after him, And Lot went out unto them to the door, and shut the door after him. And Lot went out at the door to them, and shut the door after him, Lot went out to them to the door, and shut the door after him. And Lot goeth out unto them, to the opening, and the door hath shut behind him, And Lot went out at the door to them, and shut the door after him, 
Genesis 19:7 And said, I pray you, brethren, do not so wickedly. And he said, I pray you, my brethren, do not so wickedly.no not so, I beseech you, my brethren, do not commit this evil. and said, I pray you, my brethren, do not wickedly! And he said, I pray you, my brethren, do not so wickedly. And said, I pray you, brethren, do not so wickedly.He said, "Please, my brothers, don't act so wickedly. And saith, 'Do not, I pray you, my brethren, do evil; And said, I pray you, brothers, do not so wickedly.
Genesis 19:8 Behold now, I have two daughters which have not known man; let me, I pray you, bring them out unto you, and do ye to them as is good in your eyes: only unto these men do nothing; for therefore came they under the shadow of my roof.Behold now, I have two daughters that have not known man; let me, I pray you, bring them out unto you, and do ye to them as is good in your eyes: only unto these men do nothing, forasmuch as they are come under the shadow of my roof.I have two daughters who as yet have not known man : I will bring them out to you, and abuse you them as it shall please you, so that you do no evil to these men, because they are come in under the shadow of my roof. Behold now, I have two daughters who have not known a man: let me now bring them out to you; and do to them as is good in your sight: only, to these men do nothing; for therefore have they come under the shadow of my roof.Behold now, I have two daughters which have not known man; let me, I pray you, bring them out unto you, and do ye to them as is good in your eyes: only unto these men do nothing; forasmuch as they are come under the shadow of my roof.Behold now, I have two daughters who have not known man; let me, I pray you, bring them out to you, and do ye to them as is good in your eyes: only to these men do nothing; for therefore came they under the shadow of my roof. See now, I have two virgin daughters. Please let me bring them out to you, and you may do to them what seems good to you. Only don't do anything to these men, because they have come under the shadow of my roof." lo, I pray you, I have two daughters, who have not known any one; let me, I pray you, bring them out unto you, and do to them as is good in your eyes; only to these men do not anything, for therefore have they come in within the shadow of my roof.' Behold now, I have two daughters which have not known man; let me, I pray you, bring them out to you, and do you to them as is good in your eyes: only to these men do nothing; for therefore came they under the shadow of my roof.
Genesis 19:9 And they said, Stand back. And they said again, This one fellow came in to sojourn, and he will needs be a judge: now will we deal worse with thee, than with them. And they pressed sore upon the man, even Lot, and came near to break the door. And they said, Stand back. And they said, This one fellow came in to sojourn, and he will needs be a judge: now will we deal worse with thee, than with them. And they pressed sore upon the man, even Lot, and drew near to break the door.But they said: Get thee back thither. And again: Thou camest in, said they, as a, stranger, was it to be a judge? therefore we will afflict thee more than them. 0 And they pressed very violently upon Lot: and they were even at the point of breaking open the doors. And they said, Back there! And they said again, This one came to sojourn, and he must be a judge? Now we will deal worse with thee than with them. And they pressed hard on the man on Lot; and drew near to break the door. And they said, Stand back. And they said, This one fellow came in to sojourn, and he will needs be a judge: now will we deal worse with thee, than with them. And they pressed sore upon the man, even Lot, and drew near to break the door. And they said, Stand back. And they said again, This one man came in to sojourn, and he will needs be a judge: Now will we deal worse with thee than with them. And they pressed hard upon the man, Lot, and came near to break the door. They said, "Stand back!" Then they said, "This one fellow came in to live as a foreigner, and he appoints himself a judge. Now will we deal worse with you, than with them!" They pressed hard on the man Lot, and drew near to break the door. And they say, 'Come nigh hither;' they say also, 'This one hath come in to sojourn, and he certainly judgeth! now, we do evil to thee more than to them;' and they press against the man, against Lot greatly, and come nigh to break the door. And they said, Stand back. And they said again, This one fellow came in to sojourn, and he will needs be a judge: now will we deal worse with you, than with them. And they pressed sore on the man, even Lot, and came near to break the door.
Genesis 19:10 But the men put forth their hand, and pulled Lot into the house to them, and shut to the door.But the men put forth their hand, and brought Lot into the house to them, and shut to the door. And behold the men put out their hand, and drew in Lot unto them, and shut the door:  And the men stretched out their hand, and brought Lot into the house to them, and shut the door.But the men put forth their hand, and brought Lot into the house to them, and shut to the door.But the men put forth their hand, and pulled Lot into the house to them, and shut the door.But the men put forth their hand, and brought Lot into the house to them, and shut the door. And the men put forth their hand, and bring in Lot unto them, into the house, and have shut the door; But the men put forth their hand, and pulled Lot into the house to them, and shut to the door.
Genesis 19:11 And they smote the men that were at the door of the house with blindness, both small and great: so that they wearied themselves to find the door. And they smote the men that were at the door of the house with blindness, both small and great, so that they wearied themselves to find the door. And them that were without, p they struck with blindness from the least to the greatest, so that they could not find the door. And they smote the men that were at the entrance of the house with blindness, from the smallest to the greatest; and they wearied themselves to find the entrance. And they smote the men that were at the door of the house with blindness, both small and great: so that they wearied themselves to find the door. And they smote the men that were at the door of the house with blindness, both small and great: so that they wearied themselves to find the door. They struck the men who were at the door of the house with blindness, both small and great, so that they wearied themselves to find the door. And the men who are at the opening of the house they have smitten with blindness, from small even unto great, and they weary themselves to find the opening. And they smote the men that were at the door of the house with blindness, both small and great: so that they wearied themselves to find the door.
Genesis 19:12 And the men said unto Lot, Hast thou here any besides? son in law, and thy sons, and thy daughters, and whatsoever thou hast in the city, bring them out of this place: And the men said unto Lot, Hast thou here any besides? son-in-law, and thy sons, and thy daughters, and whomsoever thou hast in the city, bring them out of the place: And they said to Lot: Hast thou here ally of thine? son in law, or sons, or daughters, all that are thine bring them out of this city:  And the men said to Lot, Whom hast thou here besides? a son-in-law, and thy sons, and thy daughters, and all whom thou hast in the city bring them out of the place. And the men said unto Lot, Hast thou here any besides? son in law, and thy sons, and thy daughters, and whomsoever thou hast in the city; bring them out of the place: And the men said to Lot, Hast thou here any besides? son-in-law, and thy sons, and thy daughters, and whatever thou hast in the city, bring them out of this place: The men said to Lot, "Do you have anybody else here? Sons-in-law, your sons, your daughters, and whoever you have in the city, bring them out of the place: And the men say unto Lot, 'Whom hast thou here still? son-in-law, thy sons also, and thy daughters, and all whom thou hast in the city, bring out from this place; And the men said to Lot, Have you here any besides? son in law, and your sons, and your daughters, and whatever you have in the city, bring them out of this place: 
Genesis 19:13 For we will destroy this place, because the cry of them is waxen great before the face of the LORD; and the LORD hath sent us to destroy it.for we will destroy this place, because the cry of them is waxed great before Jehovah: and Jehovah hath sent us to destroy it.For we will destroy this place, because their cry is grown loud before the Lord, who hath sent us to destroy them. For we are going to destroy this place, because the cry of them is great before Jehovah, and Jehovah has sent us to destroy it.for we will destroy this place, because the cry of them is waxen great before the LORD; and the LORD hath sent us to destroy it.For we will destroy this place, because the cry of them has become great before the face of the LORD; and the LORD hath sent us to destroy it.for we will destroy this place, because the outcry against them has grown great before Yahweh that Yahweh has sent us to destroy it." for we are destroying this place, for their cry hath been great before the face of Jehovah, and Jehovah doth send us to destroy it.' For we will destroy this place, because the cry of them is waxen great before the face of the LORD; and the LORD has sent us to destroy it.
Genesis 19:14 And Lot went out, and spake unto his sons in law, which married his daughters, and said, Up, get you out of this place; for the LORD will destroy this city. But he seemed as one that mocked unto his sons in law. And Lot went out, and spake unto his sons-in-law, who married his daughters, and said, Up, get you out of this place; for Jehovah will destroy the city. But he seemed unto his sons-in-law as one that mocked. So Lot went out, and spoke to his sons in law that were to have his daughters, and said : Arise : get you out of this place, because the Lord will destroy this city. And he seemed to them to speak as it were in jest. And Lot went out, and spoke to his sons-in-law, who had married his daughters, and said, Up, go out of this place, for Jehovah will destroy the city. But he was as if he jested, in the sight of his sons-in-law. And Lot went out, and spake unto his sons in law, which married his daughters, and said, Up, get you out of this place; for the LORD will destroy the city. But he seemed unto his sons in law as one that mocked. And Lot went out and spoke to his sons-in-law, who married his daughters, and said, Arise, depart from this place; for the LORD will destroy this city: but he seemed to his sons-in-law as one that mocked.Lot went out, and spoke to his sons-in-law, who were pledged to marry his daughters, and said, "Get up! Get out of this place, for Yahweh will destroy the city." But he seemed to his sons-in-law to be joking. And Lot goeth out, and speaketh unto his sons-in-law, those taking his daughters, and saith, 'Rise, go out from this place, for Jehovah is destroying the city;' and he is as one mocking in the eyes of his sons-in-law. And Lot went out, and spoke to his sons in law, which married his daughters, and said, Up, get you out of this place; for the LORD will destroy this city. But he seemed as one that mocked to his sons in law.
Genesis 19:15 And when the morning arose, then the angels hastened Lot, saying, Arise, take thy wife, and thy two daughters, which are here; lest thou be consumed in the iniquity of the city. And when the morning arose, then the angels hastened Lot, saying, Arise, take thy wife, and thy two daughters that are here, lest thou be consumed in the iniquity of the city. And when it was- morning, the angels pressed him, saying: Arise, take thy wife, and the two daughters which thou hast: lest thou also perish in the wickedness of the city. And as the dawn arose, the angels urged Lot, saying, Up, take thy wife and thy two daughters who are present, lest thou perish in the iniquity of the city. And when the morning arose, then the angels hastened Lot, saying, Arise, take thy wife, and thy two daughters which are here; lest thou be consumed in the iniquity of the city. And when the morning arose, then the angels hastened Lot, saying, Arise, take thy wife, and thy two daughters who are here; lest thou be consumed in the iniquity of the city.When the morning came, then the angels hurried Lot, saying, "Get up! Take your wife, and your two daughters who are here, lest you be consumed in the iniquity of the city." And when the dawn hath ascended, then the messengers press upon Lot, saying, 'Rise, take thy wife, and thy two daughters who are found present, lest thou be consumed in the iniquity of the city.' And when the morning arose, then the angels hastened Lot, saying, Arise, take your wife, and your two daughters, which are here; lest you be consumed in the iniquity of the city.
Genesis 19:16 And while he lingered, the men laid hold upon his hand, and upon the hand of his wife, and upon the hand of his two daughters; the LORD being merciful unto him: and they brought him forth, and set him without the city.But he lingered; and the men laid hold upon his hand, and upon the hand of his wife, and upon the hand of his two daughters, Jehovah being merciful unto him; and they brought him forth, and set him without the city. And as he lingered, they took his hand, and the hand of his wife, and of his two daughters, because the Lord spared him. And as he lingered, the men laid hold on his hand, and on the hand of his wife, and on the hand of his two daughters, Jehovah being merciful to him; and they led him out, and set him without the city.But he lingered; and the men laid hold upon his hand, and upon the hand of his wife, and upon the hand of his two daughters; the LORD being merciful unto him: and they brought him forth, and set him without the city. And while he lingered, the men laid hold upon his hand, and upon the hand of his wife, and upon the hand of his two daughters: the LORD being merciful to him: and they brought him forth, and set him without the city.But he lingered; and the men grabbed his hand, his wife's hand, and his two daughters' hands, Yahweh being merciful to him; and they took him out, and set him outside of the city. And he lingereth, and the men lay hold on his hand, and on the hand of his wife, and on the hand of his two daughters, through the mercy of Jehovah unto him, and they bring him out, and cause him to rest without the city. And while he lingered, the men laid hold on his hand, and on the hand of his wife, and on the hand of his two daughters; the LORD being merciful to him: and they brought him forth, and set him without the city.
Genesis 19:17 And it came to pass, when they had brought them forth abroad, that he said, Escape for thy life; look not behind thee, neither stay thou in all the plain; escape to the mountain, lest thou be consumed. And it came to pass, when they had brought them forth abroad, that he said, Escape for thy life; look not behind thee, neither stay thou in all the Plain; escape to the mountain, lest thou be consumed. And they brought him forth, and set him without the city: and there they spoke to him, saying : Save thy life : look not back, neither stay thou in all the country about: but save thyself in the mountain, lest thou be also consumed. And it came to pass when they had brought them outside, that he said, Escape for thy life: look not behind thee, neither stay thou in all the plain: escape to the mountain, lest thou perish. And it came to pass, when they had brought them forth abroad, that he said, Escape for thy life; look not behind thee, neither stay thou in all the Plain; escape to the mountain, lest thou be consumed. And it came to pass, when they had brought them forth abroad, that he said, Escape for thy life: look not behind thee, neither stay thou in all the plain: escape to the mountain, lest thou be consumed.It came to pass, when they had taken them out, that he said, "Escape for your life! Don't look behind you, and don't stay anywhere in the plain. Escape to the mountains, lest you be consumed!" And it cometh to pass when he hath brought them out without, that he saith, 'Escape for thy life; look not expectingly behind thee, nor stand thou in all the circuit; to the mountain escape, lest thou be consumed.' And it came to pass, when they had brought them forth abroad, that he said, Escape for your life; look not behind you, neither stay you in all the plain; escape to the mountain, lest you be consumed.
Genesis 19:18 And Lot said unto them, Oh, not so, my Lord: And Lot said unto them, Oh, not so, my lord: And Lot said to them: I beseech thee my Lord,  And Lot said to them, Not so, I pray thee, Lord; And Lot said unto them, Oh, not so, my lord: And Lot said to them, Oh, not so, my Lord! Lot said to them, "Oh, not so, my lord. And Lot saith unto them, 'Not so, I pray thee, my lord; And Lot said to them, Oh, not so, my LORD: 
Genesis 19:19 Behold now, thy servant hath found grace in thy sight, and thou hast magnified thy mercy, which thou hast shewed unto me in saving my life; and I cannot escape to the mountain, lest some evil take me, and I die: behold now, thy servant hath found favor in thy sight, and thou hast magnified thy lovingkindness, which thou hast showed unto me in saving my life; and I cannot escape to the mountain, lest evil overtake me, and I die: Because thy servant hath found grace before thee, and thou hast magnified thy mercy, which thou hast shewn to me, in saving my life, and I cannot escape to the mountain, lest some evil seize me, and I die :  behold now, thy servant has found favour in thine eyes, and thou hast magnified thy goodness, which thou hast shewn to me in preserving my soul alive; but I cannot escape to the mountain, lest calamity lay hold on me, that I die.behold now, thy servant hath found grace in thy sight, and thou hast magnified thy mercy, which thou hast shewed unto me in saving my life; and I cannot escape to the mountain, lest evil overtake me, and I die: Behold now, thy servant hath found grace in thy sight, and thou hast magnified thy mercy, which thou hast shown to me in saving my life: and I cannot escape to the mountain, lest some evil should take me, and I die: See now, your servant has found favor in your sight, and you have magnified your loving kindness, which you have shown to me in saving my life. I can't escape to the mountain, lest evil overtake me, and I die.lo, I pray thee, thy servant hath found grace in thine eyes, and thou dost make great thy kindness which thou hast done with me by saving my life, and I am unable to escape to the mountain, lest the evil cleave to me, and I have died; Behold now, your servant has found grace in your sight, and you have magnified your mercy, which you have showed to me in saving my life; and I cannot escape to the mountain, lest some evil take me, and I die: 
Genesis 19:20 Behold now, this city is near to flee unto, and it is a little one: Oh, let me escape thither, (is it not a little one?) and my soul shall live.behold now, this city is near to flee unto, and it is a little one. Oh let me escape thither (is it not a little one?), and my soul shall live. There is this city here at hand, to which I may flee, it is a little one, and I shall be saved in it: is it not a little one, and my soul shall live?  Behold now, this city is near to flee to, and it is small: I pray thee, let me escape thither is it not small? and my soul shall live.behold now, this city is near to flee unto, and it is a little one: Oh, let me escape thither, (is it not a little one?) and my soul shall live.Behold now, this city is near to flee to, and it is a small one: Oh, let me escape thither! (Is it not a small one?) and my soul shall live. See now, this city is near to flee to, and it is a little one. Oh let me escape there (isn't it a little one?), and my soul will live." lo, I pray thee, this city is near to flee thither, and it is little; let me escape, I pray thee, thither, (is it not little?) and my soul doth live.' Behold now, this city is near to flee to, and it is a little one: Oh, let me escape thither, (is it not a little one?) and my soul shall live.
Genesis 19:21 And he said unto him, See, I have accepted thee concerning this thing also, that I will not overthrow this city, for the which thou hast spoken. And he said unto him, See, I have accepted thee concerning this thing also, that I will not overthrow the city of which thou hast spoken. And he said to him: Behold also in this, I have heard thy prayers, not to destroy the city for which thou hast spoken. And he said to him, Behold, I have accepted thee concerning this thing also, that I will not overthrow the city of which thou hast spoken. And he said unto him, See, I have accepted thee concerning this thing also, that I will not overthrow the city of which thou hast spoken. And he said to him, See, I have accepted thee concerning this thing also, that I will not overthrow this city, for which thou hast spoken.He said to him, "Behold, I have granted your request concerning this thing also, that I will not overthrow the city of which you have spoken. And he saith unto him, 'Lo, I have accepted thy face also for this thing, without overthrowing the city for which thou hast spoken; And he said to him, See, I have accepted you concerning this thing also, that I will not overthrow this city, for the which you have spoken.
Genesis 19:22 Haste thee, escape thither; for I cannot do any thing till thou be come thither. Therefore the name of the city was called Zoar.Haste thee, escape thither; for I cannot do anything till thou be come thither. Therefore the name of the city was called Zoar.Make haste and be saved there, because I cannot do any thing till thou go in thither. Therefore the name of that city was called Segor. Haste, escape thither; for I cannot do anything until thou art come there. Therefore the name of the city is called Zoar.Haste thee, escape thither; for I cannot do any thing till thou be come thither. Therefore the name of the city was called Zoar.Haste thee, escape thither: for I cannot do any thing till thou hast come thither: therefore the name of the city was called Zoar.Hurry, escape there, for I can't do anything until you get there." Therefore the name of the city was called Zoar.haste, escape thither, for I am not able to do anything till thine entering thither;' therefore hath he calleth the name of the city Zoar.Haste you, escape thither; for I cannot do anything till you be come thither. Therefore the name of the city was called Zoar.
Genesis 19:23 The sun was risen upon the earth when Lot entered into Zoar. The sun was risen upon the earth when Lot came unto Zoar. The sun was risen upon the earth, and Lot entered into Segor. The sun rose upon the earth when Lot came to Zoar. The sun was risen upon the earth when Lot came unto Zoar. The sun had risen upon the earth when Lot entered into Zoar. The sun had risen on the earth when Lot came to Zoar. The sun hath gone out on the earth, and Lot hath entered into Zoar, The sun was risen on the earth when Lot entered into Zoar.
Genesis 19:24 Then the LORD rained upon Sodom and upon Gomorrah brimstone and fire from the LORD out of heaven; Then Jehovah rained upon Sodom and upon Gomorrah brimstone and fire from Jehovah out of heaven; And the Lord rained upon Sodom and Gomorrha brimstone and fire from the Lord out of heaven. And Jehovah rained on Sodom and Gomorrah brimstone and fire from Jehovah out of heaven, Then the LORD rained upon Sodom and upon Gomorrah brimstone and fire from the LORD out of heaven; Then the LORD rained upon Sodom and upon Gomorrah brimstone and fire from the LORD out of heaven; Then Yahweh rained on Sodom and on Gomorrah sulfur and fire from Yahweh out of the sky. And Jehovah hath rained upon Sodom and upon Gomorrah brimstone and fire from Jehovah, from the heavens; Then the LORD rained on Sodom and on Gomorrah brimstone and fire from the LORD out of heaven; 
Genesis 19:25 And he overthrew those cities, and all the plain, and all the inhabitants of the cities, and that which grew upon the ground. And he overthrew those cities, and all the Plain, and all the inhabitants of the cities, and that which grew upon the ground. And he destroyed these cities, and all the country about, all the inhabitants of the cities, and all things that spring from the earth. and overthrew those cities, and all the plain, and all the inhabitants of the cities, and what grew upon the ground. And he overthrew those cities, and all the Plain, and all the inhabitants of the cities, and that which grew upon the ground. And he overthrew those cities, and all the plain, and all the inhabitants of the cities, and that which grew upon the ground.He overthrew those cities, all the plain, all the inhabitants of the cities, and that which grew on the ground. And He overthroweth these cities, and all the circuit, and all the inhabitants of the cities, and that which is shooting up from the ground. And he overthrew those cities, and all the plain, and all the inhabitants of the cities, and that which grew on the ground.
Genesis 19:26 But his wife looked back from behind him, and she became a pillar of salt.But his wife looked back from behind him, and she became a pillar of salt. And his wife looking behind her, was turned into a statue of salt. And his wife looked back from behind him, and she became a pillar of salt.But his wife looked back from behind him, and she became a pillar of salt.But his wife looked back from behind him, and she became a pillar of salt.But his wife looked back from behind him, and she became a pillar of salt. And his wife looketh expectingly from behind him, and she is &#8212; a pillar of salt! But his wife looked back from behind him, and she became a pillar of salt.
Genesis 19:27 And Abraham gat up early in the morning to the place where he stood before the LORD: And Abraham gat up early in the morning to the place where he had stood before Jehovah: And Abraham got up early in the morning and in the place where he had stood before with the Lord, U  And Abraham rose early in the morning and went to the place where he had stood before Jehovah; And Abraham gat up early in the morning to the place where he had stood before the LORD: And Abraham rose early in the morning, to the place were he stood before the LORD: Abraham got up early in the morning to the place where he had stood before Yahweh. And Abraham riseth early in the morning, unto the place where he hath stood before the face of Jehovah; And Abraham got up early in the morning to the place where he stood before the LORD: 
Genesis 19:28 And he looked toward Sodom and Gomorrah, and toward all the land of the plain, and beheld, and, lo, the smoke of the country went up as the smoke of a furnace. And he looked toward Sodom and Gomorrah, and toward all the land of the Plain, and beheld, and, lo, the smoke of the land went up as the smoke of a furnace.He looked towards Sodom and Gomorrha, and the whole land of that country: and he saw the ashes rise up from the earth as the smoke of a furnace. and he looked toward Sodom and Gomorrah, and toward all the land of the plain, and beheld, and lo, a smoke went up from the land as the smoke of a furnace. And he looked toward Sodom and Gomorrah, and toward all the land of the Plain, and beheld, and, lo, the smoke of the land went up as the smoke of a furnace. And he looked towards Sodom and Gomorrah, and towards all the land of the plain, and beheld, and lo, the smoke of the country went up as the smoke of a furnace.He looked toward Sodom and Gomorrah, and toward all the land of the plain, and looked, and saw that the smoke of the land went up as the smoke of a furnace. And he looketh on the face of Sodom and Gomorrah, and on all the face of the land of the circuit, and seeth, and lo, the smoke of the land went up as smoke of the furnace. And he looked toward Sodom and Gomorrah, and toward all the land of the plain, and beheld, and, see, the smoke of the country went up as the smoke of a furnace.
Genesis 19:29 And it came to pass, when God destroyed the cities of the plain, that God remembered Abraham, and sent Lot out of the midst of the overthrow, when he overthrew the cities in the which Lot dwelt. And it came to pass, when God destroyed the cities of the Plain, that God remembered Abraham, and sent Lot out of the midst of the overthrow, when he overthrew the cities in which Lot dwelt.Now when God destroyed the cities of that country, remembering Abraham, he delivered Lot out of the destruction of the cities wherein he had dwelt. And it came to pass when God destroyed the cities of the plain, that God remembered Abraham, and sent Lot out of the midst of the overthrow, when he overthrew the cities in which Lot dwelt. And it came to pass, when God destroyed the cities of the Plain, that God remembered Abraham, and sent Lot out of the midst of the overthrow, when he overthrew the cities in the which Lot dwelt. And it came to pass, when God destroyed the cities of the plain, that God remembered Abraham, and sent Lot out of the midst of the overthrow, when he overthrew the cities in which Lot dwelt.It happened, when God destroyed the cities of the plain, that God remembered Abraham, and sent Lot out of the middle of the overthrow, when he overthrew the cities in which Lot lived. And it cometh to pass, in God's destroying the cities of the circuit, that God remembereth Abraham, and sendeth Lot out of the midst of the overthrow in the overthrowing of the cities in which Lot dwelt. And it came to pass, when God destroyed the cities of the plain, that God remembered Abraham, and sent Lot out of the middle of the overthrow, when he overthrew the cities in the which Lot dwelled.
Genesis 19:30 And Lot went up out of Zoar, and dwelt in the mountain, and his two daughters with him; for he feared to dwell in Zoar: and he dwelt in a cave, he and his two daughters. And Lot went up out of Zoar, and dwelt in the mountain, and his two daughters with him; for he feared to dwell in Zoar: and he dwelt in a cave, he and his two daughters. And Lot went up out of Segor, and abode in the mountain, and his two daughters with him, (for he was afraid to stay in Segor,) and he dwelt in a cave, he and his two daughters with him. And Lot went up from Zoar, and dwelt in the mountain, and his two daughters with him; for he feared to dwell in Zoar. And he dwelt in a cave, he and his two daughters. And Lot went up out of Zoar, and dwelt in the mountain, and his two daughters with him; for he feared to dwell in Zoar: and he dwelt in a cave, he and his two daughters. And Lot went up from Zoar, and dwelt in the mountain, and his two daughters with him; for he feared to dwell in Zoar: and he dwelt in a cave, he, and his two daughters.Lot went up out of Zoar, and lived in the mountain, and his two daughters with him; for he was afraid to live in Zoar. He lived in a cave with his two daughters. And Lot goeth up out of Zoar, and dwelleth in the mountain, and his two daughters with him, for he hath been afraid of dwelling in Zoar, and he dwelleth in a cave, he and his two daughters. And Lot went up out of Zoar, and dwelled in the mountain, and his two daughters with him; for he feared to dwell in Zoar: and he dwelled in a cave, he and his two daughters.
Genesis 19:31 And the firstborn said unto the younger, Our father is old, and there is not a man in the earth to come in unto us after the manner of all the earth: And the first-born said unto the younger, Our father is old, and there is not a man in the earth to come in unto us after the manner of all the earth: And the elder said to the younger Our father is old, and there is no man left on the earth, to come in unto us after the manner of the whole earth. And the first-born said to the younger, Our father is old, and there is not a man in the land to come in to us after the manner of all the earth: And the firstborn said unto the younger, Our father is old, and there is not a man in the earth to come in unto us after the manner of all the earth: And the first-born said to the younger, Our father is old, and there is not a man on the earth to come in to us after the manner of all the earth: The firstborn said to the younger, "Our father is old, and there is not a man in the earth to come in to us in the way of all the earth. And the first-born saith unto the younger, 'Our father is old, and a man there is not in the earth to come in unto us, as is the way of all the earth; And the firstborn said to the younger, Our father is old, and there is not a man in the earth to come in to us after the manner of all the earth: 
Genesis 19:32 Come, let us make our father drink wine, and we will lie with him, that we may preserve seed of our father.come, let us make our father drink wine, and we will lie with him, that we may preserve seed of our father.Come, let us make him drunk with wine, and let us lie with him, that we may preserve seed of our father. come, let us give our father wine to drink, and let us lie with him, that we may preserve seed alive of our father.come, let us make our father drink wine, and we will lie with him, that we may preserve seed of our father.Come, let us make our father drink wine, and we will lie with him, that we may preserve seed of our father.Come, let's make our father drink wine, and we will lie with him, that we may preserve our father's seed." come, we cause our father to drink wine, and lie with him, and preserve from our father &#8212; a seed.' Come, let us make our father drink wine, and we will lie with him, that we may preserve seed of our father.
Genesis 19:33 And they made their father drink wine that night: and the firstborn went in, and lay with her father; and he perceived not when she lay down, nor when she arose. And they made their father drink wine that night: and the first-born went in, and lay with her father; and he knew not when she lay down, nor when she arose. And they made their father drink wine that night: and the elder went in and lay with her father : but he perceived not neither when his daughter lay down, nor when she rose up. And they gave their father wine to drink that night. And the first-born went in, and lay with her father, and he did not know of her lying down, nor of her rising. And they made their father drink wine that night: and the firstborn went in, and lay with her father; and he knew not when she lay down, nor when she arose. And they made their father drink wine that night: and the first-born went in and lay with her father; and he perceived not when she lay down, nor when she arose. They made their father drink wine that night: and the firstborn went in, and lay with her father. He didn't know when she lay down, nor when she arose. And they cause their father to drink wine on that night; and the first-born goeth in, and lieth with her father, and he hath not known in her lying down, or in her rising up. And they made their father drink wine that night: and the firstborn went in, and lay with her father; and he perceived not when she lay down, nor when she arose.
Genesis 19:34 And it came to pass on the morrow, that the firstborn said unto the younger, Behold, I lay yesternight with my father: let us make him drink wine this night also; and go thou in, and lie with him, that we may preserve seed of our father. And it came to pass on the morrow, that the first-born said unto the younger, Behold, I lay yesternight with my father: let us make him drink wine this night also; and go thou in, and lie with him, that we may preserve seed of our father. And the next day the elder said to the younger : Behold I lay last night with my father, let us make him drink wine also to night, and thou shalt lie with him, that we may save seed of our father. And it came to pass on the next day that the first-born said to the younger, Lo, I lay last night with my father: let us give him wine to drink to-night also, and go thou in, lie with him, that we may preserve seed alive of our father. And it came to pass on the morrow, that the firstborn said unto the younger, Behold, I lay yesternight with my father: let us make him drink wine this night also; and go thou in, and lie with him, that we may preserve seed of our father. And it came to pass on the morrow that the first born said to the younger, Behold, I lay yesternight with my father; let us make him drink wine this night also; and go thou in, and lie with him, that we may preserve seed of our father.It came to pass on the next day, that the firstborn said to the younger, "Behold, I lay last night with my father. Let us make him drink wine again, tonight. You go in, and lie with him, that we may preserve our father's seed." And it cometh to pass, on the morrow, that the first-born saith unto the younger, 'Lo, I have lain yesterday-night with my father: we cause him to drink wine also to-night, and go thou in, lie with him, and we preserve from our father &#8212; a seed.' And it came to pass on the morrow, that the firstborn said to the younger, Behold, I lay last night with my father: let us make him drink wine this night also; and go you in, and lie with him, that we may preserve seed of our father.
Genesis 19:35 And they made their father drink wine that night also: and the younger arose, and lay with him; and he perceived not when she lay down, nor when she arose. And they made their father drink wine that night also: and the younger arose, and lay with him; and he knew not when she lay down, nor when she arose. They made their father drink wine that night also, and the younger daughter went in, and lay with him: and neither then did he perceive when she lay down, nor when she rose up. And they gave their father wine to drink that night also. And the younger arose, and lay with him; and he did not know of her lying down, nor of her rising. And they made their father drink wine that night also: and the younger arose, and lay with him; and he knew not when she lay down, nor when she arose. And they made their father drink wine that night also: and the younger arose and lay with him; and he perceived not when she lay down, nor when she arose. They made their father drink wine that night also. The younger went and lay with him. He didn't know when she lay down, nor when she got up. And they cause their father to drink wine on that night also, and the younger riseth and lieth with him, and he hath not known in her lying down, or in her rising up. And they made their father drink wine that night also: and the younger arose, and lay with him; and he perceived not when she lay down, nor when she arose.
Genesis 19:36 Thus were both the daughters of Lot with child by their father. Thus were both the daughters of Lot with child by their father. The two daughters of Lot were with child by their father. And both the daughters of Lot were with child by their father. Thus were both the daughters of Lot with child by their father. Thus were both the daughters of Lot with child by their father. Thus both of Lot's daughters were with child by their father. And the two daughters of Lot conceive from their father, Thus were both the daughters of Lot with child by their father.
Genesis 19:37 And the firstborn bare a son, and called his name Moab: the same is the father of the Moabites unto this day. And the first-born bare a son, and called his name Moab: the same is the father of the Moabites unto this day. And the elder bore a son, and called his name Moab: he is the father of the Moabites unto this day. And the first-born bore a son, and called his name Moab: the same is the father of the Moabites to this day. And the firstborn bare a son, and called his name Moab: the same is the father of the Moabites unto this day. And the first-born bore a son, and called his name Moab: the same is the father of the Moabites to this day. The firstborn bore a son, and named him Moab. He is the father of the Moabites to this day. And the first-born beareth a son, and calleth his name Moab; he is father of Moab unto this day; And the first born bore a son, and called his name Moab: the same is the father of the Moabites to this day.
Genesis 19:38 And the younger, she also bare a son, and called his name Benammi: the same is the father of the children of Ammon unto this day. And the younger, she also bare a son, and called his name Ben-ammi: the same is the father of the children of Ammon unto this day. The younger also bore a son, and called his name Ammon, that is, the son of my people: he is the father of the Ammonites unto this day. And the younger, she also bore a son, and called his name Ben-ammi; the same is the father of the children of Ammon to this day. And the younger, she also bare a son, and called his name Ben-ammi: the same is the father of the children of Ammon unto this day. And the younger, she also bore a son, and called his name Ben-ammi: the same is the father of the children of Ammon to this day. The younger also bore a son, and called his name Ben Ammi. He is the father of the children of Ammon to this day. As to the younger, she also hath born a son, and calleth his name Ben-Ammi: he is father of the Beni-Ammon unto this day. And the younger, she also bore a son, and called his name Benammi: the same is the father of the children of Ammon to this day.
Genesis 20:1 And Abraham journeyed from thence toward the south country, and dwelled between Kadesh and Shur, and sojourned in Gerar. And Abraham journeyed from thence toward the land of the South, and dwelt between Kadesh and Shur. And he sojourned in Gerar. Abraham removed from thence to the south country, and dwelt between Cedes and Sur, and sojourned in Gerara. And Abraham departed thence towards the south country, and dwelt between Kadesh and Shur, and sojourned at Gerar. And Abraham journeyed from thence toward the land of the South, and dwelt between Kadesh and Shur; and he sojourned in Gerar. And Abraham journeyed from thence towards the south country, and dwelt between Kadash and Shur, and sojourned in Gerar. Abraham traveled from there toward the land of the South, and lived between Kadesh and Shur. He lived as a foreigner in Gerar. And Abraham journeyeth from thence toward the land of the south, and dwelleth between Kadesh and Shur, and sojourneth in Gerar; And Abraham journeyed from there toward the south country, and dwelled between Kadesh and Shur, and sojourned in Gerar.
Genesis 20:2 And Abraham said of Sarah his wife, She is my sister: and Abimelech king of Gerar sent, and took Sarah. And Abraham said of Sarah his wife, She is my sister. And Abimelech king of Gerar sent, and took Sarah. And he said of Sara his wife: She is my sister. So Abimelech the king of Oerara sent, and took her. And Abraham said of Sarah his wife, She is my sister. And Abimelech the king of Gerar sent and took Sarah. And Abraham said of Sarah his wife, She is my sister: and Abimelech king of Gerar sent, and took Sarah. And Abraham said of Sarah his wife, she is my sister: And Abimelech king of Gerar sent and took Sarah. Abraham said about Sarah his wife, "She is my sister." Abimelech king of Gerar sent, and took Sarah. And Abraham saith concerning Sarah his wife, 'She is my sister;' and Abimelech king of Gerar sendeth and taketh Sarah. And Abraham said of Sarah his wife, She is my sister: and Abimelech king of Gerar sent, and took Sarah.
Genesis 20:3 But God came to Abimelech in a dream by night, and said to him, Behold, thou art but a dead man, for the woman which thou hast taken; for she is a man's wife.But God came to Abimelech in a dream of the night, and said to him, Behold, thou art but a dead man, because of the woman whom thou hast taken. For she is a man's wife. And God came to Abimelech in a dream by night, and he said to him: Lo thou shalt die for the woman thou hast taken: for she hath a husband. But God came to Abimelech in a dream by night, and said to him, Behold, thou art but a dead man, because of the woman that thou hast taken; for she is a man's wife.But God came to Abimelech in a dream of the night, and said to him, Behold, thou art but a dead man, because of the woman which thou hast taken; for she is a man's wife.But God came to Abimelech in a dream by night, and said to him, Behold, thou art but a dead man, on account of the woman whom thou hast taken: for she is a man's wife.But God came to Abimelech in a dream of the night, and said to him, "Behold, you are a dead man, because of the woman whom you have taken. For she is a man's wife." And God cometh in unto Abimelech in a dream of the night, and saith to him, 'Lo, thou art a dead man, because of the woman whom thou hast taken &#8212; and she married to a husband.' But God came to Abimelech in a dream by night, and said to him, Behold, you are but a dead man, for the woman which you have taken; for she is a man's wife.
Genesis 20:4 But Abimelech had not come near her: and he said, Lord, wilt thou slay also a righteous nation? Now Abimelech had not come near her. And he said, Lord, wilt thou slay even a righteous nation? Now Abimelech had not touched her, and he said : Lord, wilt thou slay a nation, that is ignorant and justl  But Abimelech had not come near her. And he said, Lord, wilt thou also kill a righteous nation? Now Abimelech had not come near her: and he said, Lord, wilt thou slay even a righteous nation? But Abimelech had not come near her: and he said, Lord, wilt thou also slay a righteous nation? Now Abimelech had not come near her. He said, "Lord, will you kill even a righteous nation? And Abimelech hath not drawn near unto her, and he saith, 'Lord, also a righteous nation dost thou slay? But Abimelech had not come near her: and he said, LORD, will you slay also a righteous nation? 
Genesis 20:5 Said he not unto me, She is my sister? and she, even she herself said, He is my brother: in the integrity of my heart and innocency of my hands have I done this. Said he not himself unto me, She is my sister? And she, even she herself said, He is my brother. In the integrity of my heart and the innocency of my hands have I done this.Did not he say to me : She is my sister: and she say, He is my brother? in the simplicity of my heart, and cleanness of my hands have I done this. Did he not say to me, She is my sister? and she, even she said, He is my brother. In the integrity of my heart and in the innocency of my hands have I done this. Said he not himself unto me, She is my sister? and she, even she herself said, He is my brother: in the integrity of my heart and the innocency of my hands have I done this. Said he not to me, She is my sister? and she, even she herself said, He is my brother: in the integrity of my heart, and innocence of my hands have I done this.Didn't he tell me, 'She is my sister?' She, even she herself, said, 'He is my brother.' In the integrity of my heart and the innocence of my hands have I done this." hath not he himself said to me, She is my sister! and she, even she herself, said, He is my brother; in the integrity of my heart, and in the innocency of my hands, I have done this.' Said he not to me, She is my sister? and she, even she herself said, He is my brother: in the integrity of my heart and innocence of my hands have I done this.
Genesis 20:6 And God said unto him in a dream, Yea, I know that thou didst this in the integrity of thy heart; for I also withheld thee from sinning against me: therefore suffered I thee not to touch her. And God said unto him in the dream, Yea, I know that in the integrity of thy heart thou has done this, and I also withheld thee from sinning against me. Therefore suffered I thee not to touch her. And God said to him: And I know that thou didst it with a sincere heart: and therefore I withheld thee from sinning against me, and I suffered thee not to touch her. And God said to him in a dream, I also knew that thou didst this in the integrity of thy heart, and I, too, have withheld thee from sinning against me: therefore have I not suffered thee to touch her. And God said unto him in the dream, Yea, I know that in the integrity of thy heart thou hast done this, and I also withheld thee from sinning against me: therefore suffered I thee not to touch her. And God said to him in a dream, Yea, I know that thou didst this in the integrity of thy heart; for I also withheld thee from sinning against me: therefore I suffered thee not to touch her.God said to him in the dream, "Yes, I know that in the integrity of your heart you have done this, and I also withheld you from sinning against me. Therefore I didn't allow you to touch her. And God saith unto him in the dream, 'Yea, I &#8212; I have known that in the integrity of thy heart thou hast done this, and I withhold thee, even I, from sinning against Me, therefore I have not suffered thee to come against her; And God said to him in a dream, Yes, I know that you did this in the integrity of your heart; for I also withheld you from sinning against me: therefore suffered I you not to touch her.
Genesis 20:7 Now therefore restore the man his wife; for he is a prophet, and he shall pray for thee, and thou shalt live: and if thou restore her not, know thou that thou shalt surely die, thou, and all that are thine.Now therefore restore the man's wife. For he is a prophet, and he shall pray for thee, and thou shalt live. And if thou restore her not, know thou that thou shalt surely die, thou, and all that are thine.Now therefore restore the man his wife, for he is a prophet: and he shall pray for thee, and thou shalt live: but if thou wilt not restore her, know that thou shalt surely die, thou and all that are thins. And now, restore the man's wife; for he is a prophet, and will pray for thee, that thou mayest live. And if thou do not restore her, know that thou shalt certainly die, thou and all that is thine.Now therefore restore the man's wife; for he is a prophet, and he shall pray for thee, and thou shalt live: and if thou restore her not, know thou that thou shalt surely die, thou, and all that are thine.Now therefore restore to the man his wife, for he is a prophet, and he shall pray for thee, and thou shalt live: and if thou shalt not restore her, know thou that thou shalt surely die, thou and all that are thine.Now therefore, restore the man's wife. For he is a prophet, and he will pray for you, and you will live. If you don't restore her, know for sure that you will die, you, and all who are yours." and now send back the man's wife, for he is inspired, and he doth pray for thee, and live thou; and if thou do not send back, know that dying thou dost die, thou, and all that thou hast.' Now therefore restore the man his wife; for he is a prophet, and he shall pray for you, and you shall live: and if you restore her not, know you that you shall surely die, you, and all that are yours.
Genesis 20:8 Therefore Abimelech rose early in the morning, and called all his servants, and told all these things in their ears: and the men were sore afraid. And Abimelech rose early in the morning, and called all his servants, and told all these things in their ear. And the men were sore afraid. And Abimelech forthwith rising up in the night, called all his servants: and spoke all these words in their hearing, and all the men were exceedingly afraid. And Abimelech rose early in the morning, and called all his servants, and spoke all these words in their ears; and the men were greatly afraid. And Abimelech rose early in the morning, and called all his servants, and told all these things in their ears: and the men were sore afraid. Therefore Abimelech rose early in the morning, and called all his servants, and told all these things in their ears: and the men were greatly afraid. Abimelech rose early in the morning, and called all his servants, and told all these things in their ear. The men were very scared. And Abimelech riseth early in the morning, and calleth for all his servants, and speaketh all these words in their ears; and the men fear exceedingly; Therefore Abimelech rose early in the morning, and called all his servants, and told all these things in their ears: and the men were sore afraid.
Genesis 20:9 Then Abimelech called Abraham, and said unto him, What hast thou done unto us? and what have I offended thee, that thou hast brought on me and on my kingdom a great sin? thou hast done deeds unto me that ought not to be done. Then Abimelech called Abraham, and said unto him, What hast thou done unto us? And wherein have I sinned against thee, that thou hast brought on me and on my kingdom a great sin? Thou hast done deeds unto me that ought not to be done. And Abimelech called also for Abraham, and said to him: What hast thou done to us? what have we offended thee in, that thou hast brought upon me and upon my kingdom a great sin? thou hast done to us what thou oughtest not to do. And Abimelech called Abraham and said to him, What hast thou done to us? And in what have I sinned against thee, that thou hast brought on me, and on my kingdom, a great sin? Thou hast done to me deeds that ought not to be done. Then Abimelech called Abraham, and said unto him, What hast thou done unto us? and wherein have I sinned against thee, that thou hast brought on me and on my kingdom a great sin? thou hast done deeds unto me that ought not to be done. Then Abimelech called Abraham, and said to him, What has thou done to us? and in what have I offended thee, that thou hast brought on me and on my kingdom a great sin? thou hast done deeds to me that ought not to be done. Then Abimelech called Abraham, and said to him, "What have you done to us? How have I sinned against you, that you have brought on me and on my kingdom a great sin? You have done deeds to me that ought not to be done!" and Abimelech calleth for Abraham, and saith to him, 'What hast thou done to us? and what have I sinned against thee, that thou hast brought upon me, and upon my kingdom, a great sin? works which are not done thou hast done with me.' Then Abimelech called Abraham, and said to him, What have you done to us? and what have I offended you, that you have brought on me and on my kingdom a great sin? you have done deeds to me that ought not to be done.
Genesis 20:10 And Abimelech said unto Abraham, What sawest thou, that thou hast done this thing? And Abimelech said unto Abraham, What sawest thou, that thou hast done this thing? And again he expostulated with him, and said, What sawest thou, that thou hast done this?  And Abimelech said to Abraham, What hast thou seen that thou hast done this? And Abimelech said unto Abraham, What sawest thou, that thou hast done this thing? And Abimelech said to Abraham, What sawest thou, that thou hast done this thing? Abimelech said to Abraham, "What did you see, that you have done this thing?" Abimelech also saith unto Abraham, 'What hast thou seen that thou hast done this thing?' And Abimelech said to Abraham, What saw you, that you have done this thing? 
Genesis 20:11 And Abraham said, Because I thought, Surely the fear of God is not in this place; and they will slay me for my wife's sake. And Abraham said, Because I thought, Surely the fear of God is not in this place. And they will slay me for my wife's sake. Abraham answered: I thought with myself, saying: Perhaps there is not the fear of God in this place: and they will kill me for the sake of my wife:  And Abraham said, Because I said, Surely the fear of God is not in this place, and they will kill me for my wife's sake. And Abraham said, Because I thought, Surely the fear of God is not in this place; and they will slay me for my wife's sake. And Abraham said, Because I thought, surely the fear of God is not in this place; and they will slay me for my wife's sake. Abraham said, "Because I thought, 'Surely the fear of God is not in this place. They will kill me for my wife's sake.' And Abraham saith, 'Because I said, 'Surely the fear of God is not in this place, and they have slain me for the sake of my wife; And Abraham said, Because I thought, Surely the fear of God is not in this place; and they will slay me for my wife's sake.
Genesis 20:12 And yet indeed she is my sister; she is the daughter of my father, but not the daughter of my mother; and she became my wife. And moreover she is indeed my sister, the daughter of my father, but not the daughter of my mother; and she became my wife: Howbeit, otherwise also she is truly my sister, the daughter of my father, and not the daughter of my mother, and I took her to wife. But she is also truly my sister, the daughter of my father, but not the daughter of my mother; and she became my wife. And moreover she is indeed my sister, the daughter of my father, but not the daughter of my mother; and she became my wife: And yet indeed she is my sister: she is the daughter of my father, but not the daughter of my mother; and she became my wife.Besides, she is indeed my sister, the daughter of my father, but not the daughter of my mother; and she became my wife. And also, truly she is my sister, daughter of my father, only not daughter of my mother, and she becometh my wife; And yet indeed she is my sister; she is the daughter of my father, but not the daughter of my mother; and she became my wife.
Genesis 20:13 And it came to pass, when God caused me to wander from my father's house, that I said unto her, This is thy kindness which thou shalt shew unto me; at every place whither we shall come, say of me, He is my brother. And it came to pass, when God caused me to wander from my father's house, that I said unto her, This is thy kindness which thou shalt show unto me. At every place whither we shall come, say of me, He is my brother. And after God brought me out of my father's house, I said to her: I Thou shalt do me this kindness: In every place, to which we shall come, thou shalt say that I am thy brother. And it came to pass when God caused me to wander from my father's house, that I said to her, Let this be thy kindness which thou shalt shew to me: at every place whither we shall come, say of me, He is my brother. And it came to pass, when God caused me to wander from my father's house, that I said unto her, This is thy kindness which thou shalt shew unto me; at every place whither we shall come, say of me, He is my brother. And it came to pass, when God caused me to wander from my father's house, that I said to her, This is thy kindness which thou shalt show to me; At every place whither we shall come, say of me, He is my brother.It happened, when God caused me to wander from my father's house, that I said to her, 'This is your kindness which you shall show to me. Everywhere that we go, say of me, "He is my brother."'" and it cometh to pass, when God hath caused me to wander from my father's house, that I say to her, This is thy kindness which thou dost with me: at every place whither we come, say of me, He is my brother.' And it came to pass, when God caused me to wander from my father's house, that I said to her, This is your kindness which you shall show to me; at every place where we shall come, say of me, He is my brother.
Genesis 20:14 And Abimelech took sheep, and oxen, and menservants, and womenservants, and gave them unto Abraham, and restored him Sarah his wife. And Abimelech took sheep and oxen, and men-servants and women-servants, and gave them unto Abraham, and restored him Sarah his wife. And Abimelech took sheep and oxen, and servants and handmaids, and gave to Abraham: and restored to him Sara, his wife. And Abimelech took sheep and oxen, and bondmen and bondwomen, and gave them to Abraham, and restored him Sarah his wife. And Abimelech took sheep and oxen, and menservants and womenservants, and gave them unto Abraham, and restored him Sarah his wife. And Abimelech took sheep, and oxen, and men-servants, and women-servants, and gave them to Abraham, and restored to him Sarah his wife. Abimelech took sheep and cattle, male servants and female servants, and gave them to Abraham, and restored Sarah, his wife, to him. And Abimelech taketh sheep and oxen, and servants and handmaids, and giveth to Abraham, and sendeth back to him Sarah his wife; And Abimelech took sheep, and oxen, and menservants, and womenservants, and gave them to Abraham, and restored him Sarah his wife.
Genesis 20:15 And Abimelech said, Behold, my land is before thee: dwell where it pleaseth thee. And Abimelech said, Behold, my land is before thee. Dwell where it pleaseth thee. And said: The land is before you, dwell wheresoever it shall please thee. And Abimelech said, Behold, my land is before thee: dwell where it is good in thine eyes. And Abimelech said, Behold, my land is before thee: dwell where it pleaseth thee. And Abimelech said, Behold, my land is before thee: dwell where it pleaseth thee. Abimelech said, "Behold, my land is before you. Dwell where it pleases you." and Abimelech saith, 'Lo, my land is before thee, where it is good in thine eyes, dwell;' And Abimelech said, Behold, my land is before you: dwell where it pleases you.
Genesis 20:16 And unto Sarah he said, Behold, I have given thy brother a thousand pieces of silver: behold, he is to thee a covering of the eyes, unto all that are with thee, and with all other: thus she was reproved. And unto Sarah he said, Behold, I have given thy brother a thousand pieces of silver. Behold, it is for thee a covering of the eyes to all that are with thee. And in respect of all thou art righted. And to Sara he said: Behold I have given thy brother a thousand pieces of silver: this shall serve thee for a covering of thy eyes to all that are with thee, and whithersoever thou shalt go: and remember thou wast taken. And to Sarah he said, Behold, I have given thy brother a thousand pieces of silver; behold, let that be to thee a covering of the eyes, in respect of all that are with thee, and with all; and she was reproved. And unto Sarah he said, Behold, I have given thy brother a thousand pieces of silver: behold, it is for thee a covering of the eyes to all that are with thee; and in respect of all thou art righted. And to Sarah he said, Behold, I have given thy brother a thousand pieces of silver: behold, he is to thee a covering of the eyes, to all that are with thee, and with all other: thus she was reproved. To Sarah he said, "Behold, I have given your brother a thousand pieces of silver. Behold, it is for you a covering of the eyes to all that are with you. In front of all you are vindicated." and to Sarah he hath said, 'Lo, I have given a thousand silverlings to thy brother; lo, it is to thee a covering of eyes, to all who are with thee;' and by all this she is reasoned with. And to Sarah he said, Behold, I have given your brother a thousand pieces of silver: behold, he is to you a covering of the eyes, to all that are with you, and with all other: thus she was reproved.
Genesis 20:17 So Abraham prayed unto God: and God healed Abimelech, and his wife, and his maidservants; and they bare children. And Abraham prayed unto God. And God healed Abimelech, and his wife, and his maid-servants. And they bare children. And when Abraham prayed, God healed Abimelech and his wife, and his handmaids, and they bore children:  And Abraham prayed to God, and God healed Abimelech, and his wife and his handmaids, and they bore children. And Abraham prayed unto God: and God healed Abimelech, and his wife, and his maidservants; and they bare children. So Abraham prayed to God: and God healed Abimelech, and his wife, and his maid-servants, and they bore children. Abraham prayed to God. God healed Abimelech, and his wife, and his female servants, and they bore children. And Abraham prayeth unto God, and God healeth Abimelech and his wife, and his handmaids, and they bear: So Abraham prayed to God: and God healed Abimelech, and his wife, and his maidservants; and they bore children.
Genesis 20:18 For the LORD had fast closed up all the wombs of the house of Abimelech, because of Sarah Abraham's wife.For Jehovah had fast closed up all the wombs of the house of Abimelech, because of Sarah, Abraham's wife.For the Lord had closed up every womb of the house of Abimelech on ac- count of Sara, Abraham's wife. For Jehovah had fast closed up all the wombs of the house of Abimelech because of Sarah Abraham's wife.For the LORD had fast closed up all the wombs of the house of Abimelech, because of Sarah Abraham's wife.For the LORD had made barren all the females of the house of Abimelech, because of Sarah, Abraham's wife.For Yahweh had closed up tight all the wombs of the house of Abimelech, because of Sarah, Abraham's wife.for Jehovah restraining had restrained every womb of the house of Abimelech, because of Sarah, Abraham's wife.For the LORD had fast closed up all the wombs of the house of Abimelech, because of Sarah Abraham's wife.
Genesis 21:1 And the LORD visited Sarah as he had said, and the LORD did unto Sarah as he had spoken. And Jehovah visited Sarah as he had said, and Jehovah did unto Sarah as he had spoken. And the Lord visited Sara, as he had promised: and fulfilled what he had spoken. And Jehovah visited Sarah as he had said, and Jehovah did to Sarah as he had spoken. And the LORD visited Sarah as he had said, and the LORD did unto Sarah as he had spoken. And the LORD visited Sarah as he had said, and the LORD did to Sarah as he had spoken.Yahweh visited Sarah as he had said, and Yahweh did to Sarah as he had spoken. And Jehovah hath looked after Sarah as He hath said, and Jehovah doth to Sarah as He hath spoken; And the LORD visited Sarah as he had said, and the LORD did to Sarah as he had spoken.
Genesis 21:2 For Sarah conceived, and bare Abraham a son in his old age, at the set time of which God had spoken to him. And Sarah conceived, and bare Abraham a son in his old age, at the set time of which God had spoken to him. And she conceived and bore a son in her old age, at the time that God had foretold her. And Sarah conceived, and bore Abraham a son in his old age, at the appointed time of which God had spoken to him. And Sarah conceived, and bare Abraham a son in his old age, at the set time of which God had spoken to him.For Sarah conceived and bore Abraham a son in his old age, at the set time of which God had spoken to him. Sarah conceived, and bore Abraham a son in his old age, at the set time of which God had spoken to him. And Sarah conceiveth, and beareth a son to Abraham, to his old age, at the appointed time that God hath spoken of with him; For Sarah conceived, and bore Abraham a son in his old age, at the set time of which God had spoken to him.
Genesis 21:3 And Abraham called the name of his son that was born unto him, whom Sarah bare to him, Isaac. And Abraham called the name of his son that was born unto him, whom Sarah bare to him, Isaac. And Abraham called the name of his son, whom Sara bore him, Isaac. And Abraham called the name of his son who was born to him, whom Sarah bore to him, Isaac. And Abraham called the name of his son that was born unto him, whom Sarah bare to him, Isaac. And Abraham called the name of his son that was born to him, whom Sarah bore to him, Isaac. Abraham called his son who was born to him, whom Sarah bore to him, Isaac. And Abraham calleth the name of his son who is born to him, whom Sarah hath born to him &#8212; Isaac; And Abraham called the name of his son that was born to him, whom Sarah bore to him, Isaac.
Genesis 21:4 And Abraham circumcised his son Isaac being eight days old, as God had commanded him. And Abraham circumcised his son Isaac when he was eight days old, as God had commanded him. And he circumcised him the eighth day, as God had commanded him,  And Abraham circumcised his son Isaac, being eight days old, as God had commanded him. And Abraham circumcised his son Isaac when he was eight days old, as God had commanded him. And Abraham circumcised his son Isaac, being eight days old, as God had commanded him. Abraham circumcised his son, Isaac, when he was eight days old, as God had commanded him. And Abraham circumciseth Isaac his son, being a son of eight days, as God hath commanded him. And Abraham circumcised his son Isaac being eight days old, as God had commanded him.
Genesis 21:5 And Abraham was an hundred years old, when his son Isaac was born unto him. And Abraham was a hundred years old, when his son Isaac was born unto him.When he was a hundred years old: for at this age of his father was Isaac born. And Abraham was a hundred years old when his son Isaac was born to him. And Abraham was an hundred years old, when his son Isaac was born unto him. And Abraham was a hundred years old, when his son Isaac was born to him. Abraham was one hundred years old when his son, Isaac, was born to him. And Abraham is a son of a hundred years in Isaac his son being born to him, And Abraham was an hundred years old, when his son Isaac was born to him.
Genesis 21:6 And Sarah said, God hath made me to laugh, so that all that hear will laugh with me. And Sarah said, God hath made me to laugh. Every one that heareth will laugh with me. And Sara said: God hath made a laughter for me: whosoever shall hear of it will laugh with me. And Sarah said, God has made me laugh: all that hear will laugh with me. And Sarah said, God hath made me to laugh; every one that heareth will laugh with me. And Sarah said, God hath made me to laugh, so that all that hear will laugh with me. Sarah said, "God has made me laugh. Everyone who hears will laugh with me." and Sarah saith, 'God hath made laughter for me; every one who is hearing laugheth for me.' And Sarah said, God has made me to laugh, so that all that hear will laugh with me.
Genesis 21:7 And she said, Who would have said unto Abraham, that Sarah should have given children suck? for I have born him a son in his old age. And she said, Who would have said unto Abraham, that Sarah should give children suck? For I have borne him a son in his old age. And again she said: Who would believe that Abraham should hear that Sara gave suck to a son, whom she bore to him in his old age. And she said, Who would have said to Abraham, Sarah will suckle children? For I have borne him a son in his old age. And she said, Who would have said unto Abraham, that Sarah should give children suck? for I have borne him a son in his old age. And she said, Who would have said to Abraham, that Sarah shall nurse children? for I have borne him a son in his old age. She said, "Who would have said to Abraham, that Sarah would nurse children? For I have borne him a son in his old age." She saith also, 'Who hath said to Abraham, Sarah hath suckled sons, that I have born a son for his old age?' And she said, Who would have said to Abraham, that Sarah should have given children suck? for I have born him a son in his old age.
Genesis 21:8 And the child grew, and was weaned: and Abraham made a great feast the same day that Isaac was weaned. And the child grew, and was weaned. And Abraham made a great feast on the day that Isaac was weaned. And the child grew and was weaned: and Abraham made a great feast on the day of his weaning. And the child grew, and was weaned. And Abraham made a great feast on the day that Isaac was weaned. And the child grew, and was weaned: and Abraham made a great feast on the day that Isaac was weaned. And the child grew, and was weaned: and Abraham made a great feast the day that Isaac was weaned. The child grew, and was weaned. Abraham made a great feast on the day that Isaac was weaned. And the lad groweth, and is weaned, and Abraham maketh a great banquet in the day of Isaac's being weaned; And the child grew, and was weaned: and Abraham made a great feast the same day that Isaac was weaned.
Genesis 21:9 And Sarah saw the son of Hagar the Egyptian, which she had born unto Abraham, mocking. And Sarah saw the son of Hagar the Egyptian, whom she had borne unto Abraham, mocking. And when Sara had seen the son of Agar the Egyptian playing with Isaac her son, she said to Abraham:  And Sarah saw the son of Hagar the Egyptian, whom she had borne to Abraham, mocking. And Sarah saw the son of Hagar the Egyptian, which she had borne unto Abraham, mocking. And Sarah saw the son of Hagar the Egyptian, which she had borne to Abraham, mocking. Sarah saw the son of Hagar the Egyptian, whom she had borne to Abraham, mocking. And Sarah seeth the son of Hagar the Egyptian, whom she hath borne to Abraham, mocking, And Sarah saw the son of Hagar the Egyptian, which she had born to Abraham, mocking.
Genesis 21:10 Wherefore she said unto Abraham, Cast out this bondwoman and her son: for the son of this bondwoman shall not be heir with my son, even with Isaac.Wherefore she said unto Abraham, Cast out this handmaid and her son. For the son of this handmaid shall not be heir with my son, even with Isaac.Cast out this bondwoman, and her son: for the son of the bondwoman shall not be heir with my son Isaac. And she said to Abraham, Cast out this handmaid and her son; for the son of this handmaid shall not inherit with my son with Isaac.Wherefore she said unto Abraham, Cast out this bondwoman and her son: for the son of this bondwoman shall not be heir with my son, even with Isaac.Wherefore, she said to Abraham, Cast out this bond-woman, and her son: for the son of this bond-woman shall not be heir with my son, even with Isaac. Therefore she said to Abraham, "Cast out this handmaid and her son! For the son of this handmaid will not be heir with my son, Isaac." and she saith to Abraham, 'Cast out this handmaid and her son; for the son of this handmaid hath no possession with my son &#8212; with Isaac.' Why she said to Abraham, Cast out this female slave and her son: for the son of this female slave shall not be heir with my son, even with Isaac.
Genesis 21:11 And the thing was very grievous in Abraham's sight because of his son. And the thing was very grievous in Abraham's sight on account of his son. Abraham took this grievously for his son. And the thing was very grievous in Abraham's sight because of his son. And the thing was very grievous in Abraham's sight on account of his son. And the thing was very grievous in Abraham's sight, because of his son. The thing was very grievous in Abraham's sight on account of his son. And the thing is very wrong in the eyes of Abraham, for his son's sake; And the thing was very grievous in Abraham's sight because of his son.
Genesis 21:12 And God said unto Abraham, Let it not be grievous in thy sight because of the lad, and because of thy bondwoman; in all that Sarah hath said unto thee, hearken unto her voice; for in Isaac shall thy seed be called. And God said unto Abraham, Let it not be grievous in thy sight because of the lad, and because of thy handmaid. In all that Sarah saith unto thee, hearken unto her voice. For in Isaac shall thy seed be called. And God said to him: Let it not seem grievous to thee for the boy, and for thy bondwoman: in all that Sara hath said to thee, hearken to her voice: for in Isaac shall thy seed be called. And God said to Abraham, Let it not be grievous in thy sight because of the lad and because of thy handmaid: in all that Sarah hath said to thee hearken to her voice, for in Isaac shall a seed be called to thee. And God said unto Abraham, Let it not be grievous in thy sight because of the lad, and because of thy bondwoman; in all that Sarah saith unto thee, hearken unto her voice; for in Isaac shall thy seed be called. And God said to Abraham, Let it not be grievous in thy sight, because of the lad, and because of thy bond-woman; in all that Sarah hath said to thee, hearken to her voice: for in Isaac shall thy seed be called.God said to Abraham, "Don't let it be grievous in your sight because of the boy, and because of your handmaid. In all that Sarah says to you, listen to her voice. For from Isaac will your seed be called. And God saith unto Abraham, 'Let it not be wrong in thine eyes because of the youth, and because of thy handmaid: all that Sarah saith unto thee &#8212; hearken to her voice, for in Isaac is a seed called to thee. And God said to Abraham, Let it not be grievous in your sight because of the lad, and because of your female slave; in all that Sarah has said to you, listen to her voice; for in Isaac shall your seed be called.
Genesis 21:13 And also of the son of the bondwoman will I make a nation, because he is thy seed. And also of the son of the handmaid will I make a nation, because he is thy seed.But I will make the son also of the bondwoman a great nation, because he is thy seed. But also the son of the handmaid will I make a nation, because he is thy seed. And also of the son of the bondwoman will I make a nation, because he is thy seed. And also of the son of the bond-woman will I make a nation, because he is thy seed.I will also make a nation of the son of the handmaid, because he is your seed." As to the son of the handmaid also, for a nation I set him, because he is thy seed.' And also of the son of the female slave will I make a nation, because he is your seed.
Genesis 21:14 And Abraham rose up early in the morning, and took bread, and a bottle of water, and gave it unto Hagar, putting it on her shoulder, and the child, and sent her away: and she departed, and wandered in the wilderness of Beersheba. And Abraham rose up early in the morning, and took bread and a bottle of water, and gave it unto Hagar, putting it on her shoulder, and gave her the child, and sent her away. And she departed, and wandered in the wilderness of Beer-sheba. So Abraham rose up in the morning, and taking bread and a bottle of water, put it upon her shoulder, and delivered the boy, and sent her away. And she departed, and wandered in the wilderness of Bersabee. And Abraham rose up early in the morning, and took bread, and a flask of water, and gave it to Hagar, putting it on her shoulder and the child, and sent her away. And she departed, and wandered about in the wilderness of Beer-sheba. And Abraham rose up early in the morning, and took bread and a bottle of water, and gave it unto Hagar, putting it on her shoulder, and the child, and sent her away: and she departed, and wandered in the wilderness of Beer-sheba. And Abraham rose early in the morning, and took bread, and a bottle of water, and gave it to Hagar (putting it on her shoulder) and the child, and sent her away; and she departed, and wandered in the wilderness of Beer-sheba. Abraham rose up early in the morning, and took bread and a bottle of water, and gave it to Hagar, putting it on her shoulder; and gave her the child, and sent her away. She departed, and wandered in the wilderness of Beersheba. And Abraham riseth early in the morning, and taketh bread, and a bottle of water, and giveth unto Hagar (placing it on her shoulder), also the lad, and sendeth her out; and she goeth on, and goeth astray in the wilderness of Beer-Sheba; And Abraham rose up early in the morning, and took bread, and a bottle of water, and gave it to Hagar, putting it on her shoulder, and the child, and sent her away: and she departed, and wandered in the wilderness of Beersheba.
Genesis 21:15 And the water was spent in the bottle, and she cast the child under one of the shrubs. And the water in the bottle was spent, and she cast the child under one of the shrubs. And when the water in the bottle was spent, she cast the boy under one of the trees that were there. And the water was exhausted from the flask; and she cast the child under one of the shrubs, And the water in the bottle was spent, and she cast the child under one of the shrubs. And the water was spent in the bottle, and she cast the child under one of the shrubs. The water in the bottle was spent, and she cast the child under one of the shrubs. And the water is consumed from the bottle, and she placeth the lad under one of the shrubs. And the water was spent in the bottle, and she cast the child under one of the shrubs.
Genesis 21:16 And she went, and sat her down over against him a good way off, as it were a bowshot: for she said, Let me not see the death of the child. And she sat over against him, and lift up her voice, and wept. And she went, and sat her down over against him a good way off, as it were a bowshot. For she said, Let me not look upon the death of the child. And she sat over against him, and lifted up her voice, and wept. And she went her way, and sat over against him a great way off as far as a bow can carry, for she said: I will not see the boy die: and sitting over against, she lifted up her voice and wept. and she went and sat down over against him, a bow-shot off; for she said, Let me not behold the death of the child. And she sat over against him, and lifted up her voice and wept. And she went, and sat her down over against him a good way off, as it were a bowshot: for she said, Let me not look upon the death of the child. And she sat over against him, and lift up her voice, and wept. And she went, and sat her down over against him, a good way off, as it were a bow-shot: for she said, Let me not see the death of the child. And she sat over against him, and raised her voice, and wept. She went and sat down opposite him, a good way off, about a bow shot away. For she said, "Don't let me see the death of the child." She sat over against him, and lifted up her voice, and wept. And she goeth and sitteth by herself over-against, afar off, about a bow-shot, for she said, 'Let me not look on the death of the lad;' and she sitteth over-against, and lifteth up her voice, and weepeth. And she went, and sat her down over against him a good way off, as it were a bow shot: for she said, Let me not see the death of the child. And she sat over against him, and lift up her voice, and wept.
Genesis 21:17 And God heard the voice of the lad; and the angel of God called to Hagar out of heaven, and said unto her, What aileth thee, Hagar? fear not; for God hath heard the voice of the lad where he is. And God heard the voice of the lad. And the angel of God called to Hagar out of heaven, and said unto her, What aileth thee, Hagar? Fear not. For God hath heard the voice of the lad where he is. And God heard the voice of the boy: and an angel of God called to Agar from heaven, saying: What art thou doing, Agar? fear not: for God hath heard the voice of the boy, from the place wherein he is. And God heard the voice of the lad. And the Angel of God called to Hagar from the heavens, and said to her, What aileth thee, Hagar? Fear not; for God hath heard the voice of the lad there, where he is. And God heard the voice of the lad; and the angel of God called to Hagar out of heaven, and said unto her, What aileth thee, Hagar? fear not; for God hath heard the voice of the lad where he is. And God heard the voice of the lad: and the angel of God called to Hagar out of heaven, and said to her, What aileth thee, Hagar? fear not; for God hath heard the voice of the lad where he is.God heard the voice of the boy. The angel of God called to Hagar out of the sky, and said to her, "What ails you, Hagar? Don't be afraid. For God has heard the voice of the boy where he is. And God heareth the voice of the youth; and the messenger of God calleth unto Hagar from the heavens, and saith to her, 'What to thee, Hagar? fear not; for God hath hearkened unto the voice of the youth where he is; And God heard the voice of the lad; and the angel of God called to Hagar out of heaven, and said to her, What ails you, Hagar? fear not; for God has heard the voice of the lad where he is.
Genesis 21:18 Arise, lift up the lad, and hold him in thine hand; for I will make him a great nation. Arise, lift up the lad, and hold him in thy hand. For I will make him a great nation. Arise, take up the boy, and hold him by the hand: for I will make him a great nation. Arise, take the lad, and hold him in thy hand; for I will make of him a great nation. Arise, lift up the lad, and hold him in thine hand; for I will make him a great nation. Arise, lift up the lad, and hold him in thy hand: for I will make him a great nation.Get up, lift up the boy, and hold him in your hand. For I will make him a great nation." rise, lift up the youth, and lay hold on him with thy hand, for for a great nation I set him.' Arise, lift up the lad, and hold him in your hand; for I will make him a great nation.
Genesis 21:19 And God opened her eyes, and she saw a well of water; and she went, and filled the bottle with water, and gave the lad drink. And God opened her eyes, and she saw a well of water. And she went, and filled the bottle with water, and gave the lad drink. And God opened her eyes: and she saw a well of water, and went and filled the bottle, and gave the boy to drink. And God opened her eyes, and she saw a well of water; and she went and filled the flask with water, and gave the lad drink. And God opened her eyes, and she saw a well of water; and she went, and filled the bottle with water, and gave the lad drink. And God opened her eyes, and she saw a well of water: and she went, and filled the bottle with water, and gave the lad drink.God opened her eyes, and she saw a well of water. She went, filled the bottle with water, and gave the boy drink. And God openeth her eyes, and she seeth a well of water, and she goeth and filleth the bottle with water, and causeth the youth to drink; And God opened her eyes, and she saw a well of water; and she went, and filled the bottle with water, and gave the lad drink.
Genesis 21:20 And God was with the lad; and he grew, and dwelt in the wilderness, and became an archer. And God was with the lad, and he grew. And he dwelt in the wilderness, and became, as he grew up, an archer. And God was with him: and he grew, and dwelt in the wilderness, and became a young man, an archer. And God was with the lad, and he grew; and he dwelt in the wilderness, and became an archer. And God was with the lad, and he grew; and he dwelt in the wilderness, and became an archer. And God was with the lad; and he grew, and dwelt in the wilderness, and became an archer.God was with the boy, and he grew. He lived in the wilderness, and became, as he grew up, an archer. And God is with the youth, and he groweth, and dwelleth in the wilderness, and is an archer; And God was with the lad; and he grew, and dwelled in the wilderness, and became an archer.
Genesis 21:21 And he dwelt in the wilderness of Paran: and his mother took him a wife out of the land of Egypt. And he dwelt in the wilderness of Paran. And his mother took him a wife out of the land of Egypt. And he dwelt in the wilderness of Pharan, and his mother took a wife for him out of the land of Egypt. And he dwelt in the wilderness of Paran. And his mother took him a wife out of the land of Egypt. And he dwelt in the wilderness of Paran: and his mother took him a wife out of the land of Egypt. And he dwelt in the wilderness of Paran: and his mother took for him a wife out of the land of Egypt.He lived in the wilderness of Paran. His mother took a wife for him out of the land of Egypt. And he dwelleth in the wilderness of Paran, and his mother taketh for him a wife from the land of Egypt. And he dwelled in the wilderness of Paran: and his mother took him a wife out of the land of Egypt.
Genesis 21:22 And it came to pass at that time, that Abimelech and Phichol the chief captain of his host spake unto Abraham, saying, God is with thee in all that thou doest: And it came to pass at that time, that Abimelech and Phicol the captain of his host spake unto Abraham, saying, God is with thee in all that thou doest. At the same time Abimelech, and Phicol the general of his army said to Abraham: God is with thee in all that thou dost. And it came to pass at that time that Abimelech, and Phichol the captain of his host, spoke to Abraham, saying, God is with thee in all that thou doest. And it came to pass at that time, that Abimelech and Phicol the captain of his host spake unto Abraham, saying, God is with thee in all that thou doest: And it came to pass at that time, that Abimelech, and Phichol the chief captain of his host, spoke to Abraham, saying, God is with thee in all that thou doest: It happened at that time, that Abimelech and Phicol the captain of his army spoke to Abraham, saying, "God is with you in all that you do. And it cometh to pass at that time that Abimelech speaketh &#8212; Phichol also, head of his host &#8212; unto Abraham, saying, 'God is with thee in all that thou art doing; And it came to pass at that time, that Abimelech and Phichol the chief captain of his host spoke to Abraham, saying, God is with you in all that you do: 
Genesis 21:23 Now therefore swear unto me here by God that thou wilt not deal falsely with me, nor with my son, nor with my son's son: but according to the kindness that I have done unto thee, thou shalt do unto me, and to the land wherein thou hast sojourned.Now therefore swear unto me here by God that thou wilt not deal falsely with me, nor with my son, nor with my son's son. But according to the kindness that I have done unto thee, thou shalt do unto me, and to the land wherein thou hast sojourned. Swear therefore by God, that thou wilt not hurt me, nor my posterity, nor my stock: but according to the kindness that I have done to thee, thou shalt do to me, and to the land wherein thou hast lived a stranger. And now swear to me here by God that thou wilt not deal deceitfully with me, nor with my son, nor with my grandson. According to the kindness that I have done to thee, thou shalt do to me, and to the land in which thou sojournest.now therefore swear unto me here by God that thou wilt not deal falsely with me, nor with my son, nor with my son's son: but according to the kindness that I have done unto thee, thou shalt do unto me, and to the land wherein thou hast sojourned.Now therefore swear to me here by God, that thou wilt not deal falsely with me, nor with my son, nor with my son's son: but according to the kindness that I have done to thee, thou shalt do to me, and to the land in which thou hast sojourned.Now, therefore, swear to me here by God that you will not deal falsely with me, nor with my son, nor with my son's son. But according to the kindness that I have done to you, you shall do to me, and to the land in which you have lived as a foreigner." and now, swear to me by God here: thou dost not lie to me, or to my continuator, or to my successor; according to the kindness which I have done with thee thou dost with me, and with the land in which thou hast sojourned.' Now therefore swear to me here by God that you will not deal falsely with me, nor with my son, nor with my son's son: but according to the kindness that I have done to you, you shall do to me, and to the land wherein you have sojourned.
Genesis 21:24 And Abraham said, I will swear. And Abraham said, I will swear. And Abraham said: I will swear. And Abraham said, I will swear. And Abraham said, I will swear. And Abraham said, I will swear. Abraham said, "I will swear." And Abraham saith, 'I &#8212; I do swear.' And Abraham said, I will swear.
Genesis 21:25 And Abraham reproved Abimelech because of a well of water, which Abimelech's servants had violently taken away. And Abraham reproved Abimelech because of the well of water, which Abimelech's servants had violently taken away. And he reproved Abimelech for a well of water, which his servants had taken away by force. And Abraham reproved Abimelech because of a well of water that Abimelech's servants had violently taken away. And Abraham reproved Abimelech because of the well of water, which Abimelech's servants had violently taken away. And Abraham reproved Abimelech, because of a well of water, which Abimelech's servants had violently taken away. Abraham complained to Abimelech because of a water well, which Abimelech's servants had violently taken away. And Abraham reasoned with Abimelech concerning the matter of a well of water which Abimelech's servants have taken violently away, And Abraham reproved Abimelech because of a well of water, which Abimelech's servants had violently taken away.
Genesis 21:26 And Abimelech said, I wot not who hath done this thing: neither didst thou tell me, neither yet heard I of it, but to day. And Abimelech said, I know not who hath done this thing. Neither didst thou tell me, neither yet heard I of it, but to-day. And Abimelech answered: I knew not who did this thing: and thou didst not tell me, and I heard not of it till to day. And Abimelech said, I do not know who has done this, neither hast thou told me of it, neither have I heard of it but to-day. And Abimelech said, I know not who hath done this thing: neither didst thou tell me, neither yet heard I of it, but today. And Abimelech said, I know not who hath done this thing: neither didst thou tell me, neither yet have I heard of it, but to-day. Abimelech said, "I don't know who has done this thing. Neither did you tell me, neither did I hear of it, until today." and Abimelech saith, 'I have not known who hath done this thing, and even thou didst not declare to me, and I also, I have not heard save to-day.' And Abimelech said, I know not who has done this thing; neither did you tell me, neither yet heard I of it, but to day.
Genesis 21:27 And Abraham took sheep and oxen, and gave them unto Abimelech; and both of them made a covenant. And Abraham took sheep and oxen, and gave them unto Abimelech. And they two made a covenant. And Abraham took sheep and oxen and gave them to Abimelech: and both of them made a league. And Abraham took sheep and oxen, and gave them to Abimelech; and both of them made a covenant. And Abraham took sheep and oxen, and gave them unto Abimelech; and they two made a covenant. And Abraham took sheep and oxen, and gave them to Abimelech: and both of them made a covenant. Abraham took sheep and cattle, and gave them to Abimelech. Those two made a covenant. And Abraham taketh sheep and oxen, and giveth to Abimelech, and they make, both of them, a covenant; And Abraham took sheep and oxen, and gave them to Abimelech; and both of them made a covenant.
Genesis 21:28 And Abraham set seven ewe lambs of the flock by themselves. And Abraham set seven ewe lambs of the flock by themselves. And Abraham set apart seven ewe lambs of the flock. And Abraham set seven ewe-lambs of the flock by themselves. And Abraham set seven ewe lambs of the flock by themselves. And Abraham set seven ewe-lambs of the flock by themselves. Abraham set seven ewe lambs of the flock by themselves. And Abraham setteth seven Lambs of the flock by themselves. And Abraham set seven ewe lambs of the flock by themselves.
Genesis 21:29 And Abimelech said unto Abraham, What mean these seven ewe lambs which thou hast set by themselves? And Abimelech said unto Abraham, What mean these seven ewe lambs which thou hast set by themselves? And Abimelech said to him: What mean these seven ewe lambs which thou hast set apart?  And Abimelech said to Abraham, What mean these seven ewe-lambs, these which thou hast set by themselves? And Abimelech said unto Abraham, What mean these seven ewe lambs which thou hast set by themselves? And Abimelech said to Abraham, What mean these seven ewe-lambs, which thou hast set by themselves? Abimelech said to Abraham, "What do these seven ewe lambs which you have set by themselves mean?" And Abimelech saith unto Abraham, 'What are they &#8212; these seven lambs which thou hast set by themselves?' And Abimelech said to Abraham, What mean these seven ewe lambs which you have set by themselves? 
Genesis 21:30 And he said, For these seven ewe lambs shalt thou take of my hand, that they may be a witness unto me, that I have digged this well. And he said, These seven ewe lambs shalt thou take of my hand, that it may be a witness unto me, that I have digged this well.But he said: Thou shalt take seven ewe lambs at my hand: that they may be a testimony for me, that I dug this well. And he said, That thou take the seven ewe-lambs of my hand, that they may be a witness to me that I have dug this well. And he said, These seven ewe lambs shalt thou take of my hand, that it may be a witness unto me, that I have digged this well. And he said, For these seven ewe-lambs shalt thou take from my hand, that they may be a witness to me, that I have digged this well.He said, "You shall take these seven ewe lambs from my hand, that it may be a witness to me, that I have dug this well." And he saith, 'For &#8212; the seven lambs thou dost accept from my hand, so that it becometh a witness for me that I have digged this well;' And he said, For these seven ewe lambs shall you take of my hand, that they may be a witness to me, that I have dig this well.
Genesis 21:31 Wherefore he called that place Beersheba; because there they sware both of them.Wherefore he called that place Beer-sheba. Because there they sware both of them. Therefore that place was called Bersabee: because both of them did swear. Therefore he called that place Beer-sheba, because there they had sworn, both of them.Wherefore he called that place Beer-sheba; because there they sware both of them.Wherefore he called that place Beer-sheba: because there they swore both of them. Therefore he called that place Beersheba, because they both swore there. Therefore hath he called that place 'Beer-Sheba,' for there have both of them sworn.Why he called that place Beersheba; because there they swore both of them.
Genesis 21:32 Thus they made a covenant at Beersheba: then Abimelech rose up, and Phichol the chief captain of his host, and they returned into the land of the Philistines. So they made a covenant at Beer-sheba. And Abimelech rose up, and Phicol the captain of his host, and they returned into the land of the Philistines. And they made a league for the well of oath. And they made a covenant at Beer-sheba. And Abimelech rose up, and Phichol the captain of his host, and returned into the land of the Philistines. So they made a covenant at Beer-sheba: and Abimelech rose up, and Phicol the captain of his host, and they returned into the land of the Philistines. Thus they made a covenant at Beer-sheba: Then Abimelech arose, and Phichol the chief captain of his host, and they returned into the land of the Philistines. So they made a covenant at Beersheba. Abimelech rose up with Phicol, the captain of his army, and they returned into the land of the Philistines. And they make a covenant in Beer-Sheba, and Abimelech riseth &#8212; Phichol also, head of his host &#8212; and they turn back unto the land of the Philistines; Thus they made a covenant at Beersheba: then Abimelech rose up, and Phichol the chief captain of his host, and they returned into the land of the Philistines.
Genesis 21:33 And Abraham planted a grove in Beersheba, and called there on the name of the LORD, the everlasting God. And Abraham planted a tamarisk tree in Beer-sheba, and called there on the name of Jehovah, the Everlasting God. And Abimelech, and Phicol the general of his army arose and returned to the land of the Palestines. But Abraham planted a grove in Bersabee, and there called upon the name of the Lord God eternal. And Abraham planted a tamarisk in Beer-sheba, and called there on the name of Jehovah, the Eternal God. And Abraham planted a tamarisk tree in Beer-sheba, and called there on the name of the LORD, the Everlasting God. And Abraham planted a grove in Beer-sheba, and called there on the name of the LORD, the everlasting God. Abraham planted a tamarisk tree in Beersheba, and called there on the name of Yahweh, the Everlasting God. And Abraham planteth a tamarisk in Beer-Sheba, and preacheth there in the name of Jehovah, God age-during; And Abraham planted a grove in Beersheba, and called there on the name of the LORD, the everlasting God.
Genesis 21:34 And Abraham sojourned in the Philistines' land many days. And Abraham sojourned in the land of the Philistines many days. And he was a sojourner in the land of the Palestines many days. And Abraham sojourned in the Philistines' land many days. And Abraham sojourned in the land of the Philistines many days. And Abraham sojourned in the land of the Philistines many days. Abraham lived as a foreigner in the land of the Philistines many days. And Abraham sojourneth in the land of the Philistines many days. And Abraham sojourned in the Philistines' land many days.
Genesis 22:1 And it came to pass after these things, that God did tempt Abraham, and said unto him, Abraham: and he said, Behold, here I am. And it came to pass after these things, that God did prove Abraham, and said unto him, Abraham. And he said, Here am I. After these things, God tempted Abraham, and said to him: Abraham, Abraham. And he answered: Here I am. And it came to pass after these things, that God tried Abraham, and said to him, Abraham! and he said, Here am I. And it came to pass after these things, that God did prove Abraham, and said unto him, Abraham; and he said, Here am I. And it came to pass after these things, that God tempted Abraham, and said to him, Abraham: and he said, Behold, here I am.It happened after these things, that God tested Abraham, and said to him, "Abraham!" He said, "Here I am." And it cometh to pass after these things that God hath tried Abraham, and saith unto him, 'Abraham;' and he saith, 'Here am I.' And it came to pass after these things, that God did tempt Abraham, and said to him, Abraham: and he said, Behold, here I am.
Genesis 22:2 And he said, Take now thy son, thine only son Isaac, whom thou lovest, and get thee into the land of Moriah; and offer him there for a burnt offering upon one of the mountains which I will tell thee of. And he said, Take now thy son, thine only son, whom thou lovest, even Isaac, and get thee into the land of Moriah. And offer him there for a burnt-offering upon one of the mountains which I will tell thee of.He said to him: Take thy only begotten son Isaac, whom thou lovest, and go into the land of vision: and there thou shalt offer him for a holocaust upon one of the mountains which I will show thee. And he said, Take now thy son, thine only son, whom thou lovest, Isaac, and get thee into the land of Moriah, and there offer him up for a burnt-offering on one of the mountains which I will tell thee of. And he said, Take now thy son, thine only son, whom thou lovest, even Isaac, and get thee into the land of Moriah; and offer him there for a burnt offering upon one of the mountains which I will tell thee of. And he said, Take now thy son, thy only son Isaac, whom thou lovest, and go into the land of Moriah; and offer him there for a burnt-offering upon one of the mountains which I will name to thee.He said, "Now take your son, your only son, whom you love, even Isaac, and go into the land of Moriah. Offer him there for a burnt offering on one of the mountains which I will tell you of." And He saith, 'Take, I pray thee, thy son, thine only one, whom thou hast loved, even Isaac, and go for thyself unto the land of Moriah, and cause him to ascend there for a burnt-offering on one of the mountains of which I speak unto thee.' And he said, Take now your son, your only son Isaac, whom you love, and get you into the land of Moriah; and offer him there for a burnt offering on one of the mountains which I will tell you of.
Genesis 22:3 And Abraham rose up early in the morning, and saddled his ass, and took two of his young men with him, and Isaac his son, and clave the wood for the burnt offering, and rose up, and went unto the place of which God had told him. And Abraham rose early in the morning, and saddled his ass, and took two of his young men with him, and Isaac his son. And he clave the wood for the burnt-offering, and rose up, and went unto the place of which God had told him. So Abraham rising up in the night, saddled his ass: and took with him two young men, and Isaac his son: and when he had cut wood for the holocaust he went his way to the place which God had commanded him. And Abraham rose early in the morning, and saddled his ass, and took two of his young men with him, and Isaac his son; and he clave the wood for the burnt-offering, and rose up and went to the place that God had told him of. And Abraham rose early in the morning, and saddled his ass, and took two of his young men with him, and Isaac his son; and he clave the wood for the burnt offering, and rose up, and went unto the place of which God had told him. And Abraham rose early in the morning, and saddled his ass, and took two of his young men with him, and Isaac his son, and cleft the wood for the burnt-offering, and rose and went to the place which God had named to him. Abraham rose early in the morning, and saddled his donkey, and took two of his young men with him, and Isaac his son. He split the wood for the burnt offering, and rose up, and went to the place of which God had told him. And Abraham riseth early in the morning, and saddleth his ass, and taketh two of his young men with him, and Isaac his son, and he cleaveth the wood of the burnt-offering, and riseth and goeth unto the place of which God hath spoken to him. And Abraham rose up early in the morning, and saddled his ass, and took two of his young men with him, and Isaac his son, and split the wood for the burnt offering, and rose up, and went to the place of which God had told him.
Genesis 22:4 Then on the third day Abraham lifted up his eyes, and saw the place afar off.On the third day Abraham lifted up his eyes, and saw the place afar off. And on the third day, lifting up his eyes, he saw the place afar off. On the third day Abraham lifted up his eyes and saw the place from afar.On the third day Abraham lifted up his eyes, and saw the place afar off. Then on the third day Abraham lifted up his eyes, and saw the place afar off.On the third day Abraham lifted up his eyes, and saw the place far off.On the third day &#8212; Abraham lifteth up his eyes, and seeth the place from afar; Then on the third day Abraham lifted up his eyes, and saw the place afar off.
Genesis 22:5 And Abraham said unto his young men, Abide ye here with the ass; and I and the lad will go yonder and worship, and come again to you. And Abraham said unto his young men, Abide ye here with the ass, and I and the lad will go yonder; and we will worship, and come again to you. And he said to his young men: Stay you here with the ass: I and the boy will go with speed as far as yonder, and after we have worshipped, will return to you. And Abraham said to his young men, Abide ye here with the ass; and I and the lad will go yonder and worship, and come again to you. And Abraham said unto his young men, Abide ye here with the ass, and I and the lad will go yonder; and we will worship, and come again to you. And Abraham said to his young men, Abide you here with the ass, and I and the lad will go yonder and worship, and return to you. Abraham said to his young men, "Stay here with the donkey. The boy and I will go yonder. We will worship, and come back to you." and Abraham saith unto his young men, 'Remain by yourselves here with the ass, and I and the youth go yonder and worship, and turn back unto you.' And Abraham said to his young men, Abide you here with the ass; and I and the lad will go yonder and worship, and come again to you.
Genesis 22:6 And Abraham took the wood of the burnt offering, and laid it upon Isaac his son; and he took the fire in his hand, and a knife; and they went both of them together. And Abraham took the wood of the burnt-offering, and laid it upon Isaac his son. And he took in his hand the fire and the knife. And they went both of them together. And he took the wood for the holocaust, and laid it upon Isaac his son: and he himself carried in his hands fire and a sword. And as they two went on together,  And Abraham took the wood of the burnt-offering, and laid it on Isaac his son; and he took the fire in his hand, and the knife, and they went both of them together. And Abraham took the wood of the burnt offering, and laid it upon Isaac his son; and he took in his hand the fire and the knife; and they went both of them together. And Abraham took the wood of the burnt-offering, and laid it upon Isaac his son; and he took the fire in his hand, and a knife: and they went both of them together. Abraham took the wood of the burnt offering and laid it on Isaac his son. He took in his hand the fire and the knife. They both went together. And Abraham taketh the wood of the burnt-offering, and placeth on Isaac his son, and he taketh in his hand the fire, and the knife; and they go on both of them together. And Abraham took the wood of the burnt offering, and laid it on Isaac his son; and he took the fire in his hand, and a knife; and they went both of them together.
Genesis 22:7 And Isaac spake unto Abraham his father, and said, My father: and he said, Here am I, my son. And he said, Behold the fire and the wood: but where is the lamb for a burnt offering? And Isaac spake unto Abraham his father, and said, My father. And he said, Here am I, my son. And he said, Behold, the fire and the wood. But where is the lamb for a burnt-offering? Isaac said to his father: My father. And he answered: What wilt thou, son? Behold, saith he, fire and wood: where is the victim for the holocaust?  And Isaac spoke to Abraham his father, and said, My father! And he said, Here am I, my son. And he said, Behold the fire and the wood; but where is the sheep for a burnt-offering? And Isaac spake unto Abraham his father, and said, My father: and he said, Here am I, my son. And he said, Behold, the fire and the wood: but where is the lamb for a burnt offering? And Isaac spoke to Abraham his father, and said, My father: and he said, here am I, my son. And he said, Behold the fire and the wood: but where is the lamb for a burnt-offering? Isaac spoke to Abraham his father, and said, "My father?" He said, "Here I am, my son." He said, "Here is the fire and the wood, but where is the lamb for a burnt offering?" And Isaac speaketh unto Abraham his father, and saith, 'My father,' and he saith, 'Here am I, my son.' And he saith, 'Lo, the fire and the wood, and where the lamb for a burnt-offering?' And Isaac spoke to Abraham his father, and said, My father: and he said, Here am I, my son. And he said, Behold the fire and the wood: but where is the lamb for a burnt offering? 
Genesis 22:8 And Abraham said, My son, God will provide himself a lamb for a burnt offering: so they went both of them together. And Abraham said, God will provide himself the lamb for a burnt-offering, my son. So they went both of them together. And Abraham said: God will provide himself a victim for an holocaust, my son. So they went on together. And Abraham said, My son, God will provide himself with the sheep for a burnt-offering. And they went both of them together. And Abraham said, God will provide himself the lamb for a burnt offering, my son: so they went both of them together. And Abraham said, My son, God will provide himself a lamb for a burnt-offering: so they went both of them together. Abraham said, "God will provide himself the lamb for a burnt offering, my son." So they both went together. And Abraham saith, 'God doth provide for Himself the lamb for a burnt-offering, my son;' and they go on both of them together. And Abraham said, My son, God will provide himself a lamb for a burnt offering: so they went both of them together.
Genesis 22:9 And they came to the place which God had told him of; and Abraham built an altar there, and laid the wood in order, and bound Isaac his son, and laid him on the altar upon the wood. And they came to the place which God had told him of. And Abraham built the altar there, and laid the wood in order, and bound Isaac his son, and laid him on the altar, upon the wood. And they came to the place which God had shown him, where he built an altar, and laid the wood in order upon it: and when he had bound Isaac his son, he laid him on the altar upon the pile of wood. And they came to the place of which God had told him. And Abraham built the altar there, and piled the wood; and he bound Isaac his son, and laid him on the altar upon the wood. And they came to the place which God had told him of; and Abraham built the altar there, and laid the wood in order, and bound Isaac his son, and laid him on the altar, upon the wood. And they came to the place which God had named to him; and Abraham built an altar there, and laid the wood in order; and bound Isaac his son, and laid him on the altar upon the wood. They came to the place which God had told him of. Abraham built the altar there, and laid the wood in order, bound Isaac his son, and laid him on the altar, on the wood. And they come in unto the place of which God hath spoken to him, and there Abraham buildeth the altar, and arrangeth the wood, and bindeth Isaac his son, and placeth him upon the altar above the wood; And they came to the place which God had told him of; and Abraham built an altar there, and laid the wood in order, and bound Isaac his son, and laid him on the altar on the wood.
Genesis 22:10 And Abraham stretched forth his hand, and took the knife to slay his son. And Abraham stretched forth his hand, and took the knife to slay his son. And he put forth his hand and took the sword, to sacrifice his son. And Abraham stretched out his hand, and took the knife to slaughter his son. And Abraham stretched forth his hand, and took the knife to slay his son. And Abraham stretched forth his hand, and took the knife to slay his son. Abraham stretched forth his hand, and took the knife to kill his son. And Abraham putteth forth his hand, and taketh the knife &#8212; to slaughter his son. And Abraham stretched forth his hand, and took the knife to slay his son.
Genesis 22:11 And the angel of the LORD called unto him out of heaven, and said, Abraham, Abraham: and he said, Here am I. And the angel of Jehovah called unto him out of heaven, and said, Abraham, Abraham. And he said, Here I am. And behold an angel of the Lord from heaven called to him, saying: Abraham, Abraham. And he answered: Here I am. And the Angel of Jehovah called to him from the heavens, and said, Abraham, Abraham! And he said, Here am I. And the angel of the LORD called unto him out of heaven, and said, Abraham, Abraham: and he said, Here am I. And the angel of the LORD called to him from heaven, and said, Abraham, Abraham. And he said, Here am I. The angel of Yahweh called to him out of the sky, and said, "Abraham, Abraham!" He said, "Here I am." And the messenger of Jehovah calleth unto him from the heavens, and saith, 'Abraham, Abraham;' and he saith, 'Here am I;' And the angel of the LORD called to him out of heaven, and said, Abraham, Abraham: and he said, Here am I.
Genesis 22:12 And he said, Lay not thine hand upon the lad, neither do thou any thing unto him: for now I know that thou fearest God, seeing thou hast not withheld thy son, thine only son from me. And he said, Lay not thy hand upon the lad, neither do thou anything unto him. For now I know that thou fearest God, seeing thou hast not withheld thy son, thine only son, from me. And he said to him: Lay not thy hand upon the boy, neither do thou any thing to him: now I know that thou fearest God, and hast not spared thy only begotten son for my sake. And he said, Stretch not out thy hand against the lad, neither do anything to him; for now I know that thou fearest God, and hast not withheld thy son, thine only son, from me. And he said, Lay not thine hand upon the lad, neither do thou any thing unto him: for now I know that thou fearest God, seeing thou hast not withheld thy son, thine only son, from me. And he said, Lay not thy hand upon the lad, neither do thou any thing to him: for now I know that thou fearest God, seeing thou hast not withheld from me thy son, thy only son.He said, "Don't lay your hand on the boy, neither do anything to him. For now I know that you fear God, since you have not withheld your son, your only son, from me." and He saith, 'Put not forth thine hand unto the youth, nor do anything to him, for now I have known that thou art fearing God, and hast not withheld thy son, thine only one, from Me.' And he said, Lay not your hand on the lad, neither do you any thing to him: for now I know that you fear God, seeing you have not withheld your son, your only son from me.
Genesis 22:13 And Abraham lifted up his eyes, and looked, and behold behind him a ram caught in a thicket by his horns: and Abraham went and took the ram, and offered him up for a burnt offering in the stead of his son. And Abraham lifted up his eyes, and looked, and behold, behind him a ram caught in the thicket by his horns. And Abraham went and took the ram, and offered him up for a burnt-offering in the stead of his son. Abraham lifted up his eyes, and saw behind his back a ram amongst the briers sticking fast by the horns, which he took and offered for a holocaust instead of his son. And Abraham lifted up his eyes, and looked, and behold, behind was a ram caught in the thicket by its horns; and Abraham went and took the ram, and offered it up for a burnt-offering instead of his son. And Abraham lifted up his eyes, and looked, and behold, behind him a ram caught in the thicket by his horns: and Abraham went and took the ram, and offered him up for a burnt offering in the stead of his son. And Abraham lifted up his eyes, and looked, and behold, behind him a ram caught in a thicket by his horns: And Abraham went and took the ram, and offered him for a burnt-offering in the stead of his son. Abraham lifted up his eyes, and looked, and saw that behind him was a ram caught in the thicket by his horns. Abraham went and took the ram, and offered him up for a burnt offering instead of his son. And Abraham lifteth up his eyes, and looketh, and lo, a ram behind, seized in a thicket by its horns; and Abraham goeth, and taketh the ram, and causeth it to ascend for a burnt-offering instead of his son; And Abraham lifted up his eyes, and looked, and behold behind him a ram caught in a thicket by his horns: and Abraham went and took the ram, and offered him up for a burnt offering in the stead of his son.
Genesis 22:14 And Abraham called the name of that place Jehovahjireh: as it is said to this day, In the mount of the LORD it shall be seen. And Abraham called the name of that place Jehovah-jireh. As it is said to this day, In the mount of Jehovah it shall be provided. And he called the name of that place, The Lord seeth. Whereupon even to this day it is said: In the mountain the Lord will see. And Abraham called the name of that place Jehovah-jireh; as it is said at the present day, On the mount of Jehovah will be provided. And Abraham called the name of that place Jehovah-jireh: as it is said to this day, In the mount of the LORD it shall be provided. And Abraham called the name of that place Jehovah-jireh: as it is said to this day, In the mount of the LORD it will be seen. Abraham called the name of that place Yahweh Will Provide. As it is said to this day, "On Yahweh's mountain, it will be provided." and Abraham calleth the name of that place 'Jehovah-Jireh,' because it is said this day in the mount, 'Jehovah doth provide.' And Abraham called the name of that place Jehovahjireh: as it is said to this day, In the mount of the LORD it shall be seen.
Genesis 22:15 And the angel of the LORD called unto Abraham out of heaven the second time, And the angel of Jehovah called unto Abraham a second time out of heaven, And the angel of the Lord called to Abraham a second time from heaven, saying:  And the Angel of Jehovah called to Abraham from the heavens a second time, And the angel of the LORD called unto Abraham a second time out of heaven, And the angel of the LORD called to Abraham from heaven the second time, The angel of Yahweh called to Abraham a second time out of the sky, And the messenger of Jehovah calleth unto Abraham a second time from the heavens, And the angel of the LORD called to Abraham out of heaven the second time, 
Genesis 22:16 And said, By myself have I sworn, saith the LORD, for because thou hast done this thing, and hast not withheld thy son, thine only son: and said, By myself have I sworn, saith Jehovah, because thou hast done this thing, and hast not withheld thy son, thine only son, By my own self have I sworn, saith the Lord: because thou hast done this thing, and hast not spared thy only begotten son for my sake:  and said, By myself I swear, saith Jehovah, that, because thou hast done this, and hast not withheld thy son, thine only son, and said, By myself have I sworn, saith the LORD, because thou hast done this thing, and hast not withheld thy son, thine only son: And said, By myself have I sworn, saith the LORD, for because thou hast done this thing, and hast not withheld thy son, thy only son: and said, "I have sworn by myself, says Yahweh, because you have done this thing, and have not withheld your son, your only son, and saith, 'By Myself I have sworn &#8212; the affirmation of Jehovah &#8212; that because thou hast done this thing, and hast not withheld thy son, thine only one &#8212;  And said, By myself have I sworn, said the LORD, for because you have done this thing, and have not withheld your son, your only son: 
Genesis 22:17 That in blessing I will bless thee, and in multiplying I will multiply thy seed as the stars of the heaven, and as the sand which is upon the sea shore; and thy seed shall possess the gate of his enemies; that in blessing I will bless thee, and in multiplying I will multiply thy seed as the stars of the heavens, and as the sand which is upon the seashore. And thy seed shall possess the gate of his enemies.I will bless thee, and I will multiply thy seed as the stars of heaven, and as the sand that is by the seashore: thy seed shall possess the gates of their enemies. I will richly bless thee, and greatly multiply thy seed, as the stars of heaven, and as the sand that is on the sea-shore; and thy seed shall possess the gate of his enemies; that in blessing I will bless thee, and in multiplying I will multiply thy seed as the stars of the heaven, and as the sand which is upon the sea shore; and thy seed shall possess the gate of his enemies; That in blessing I will bless thee, and in multiplying I will multiply thy seed as the stars of heaven, and as the sand which is on the sea shore; and thy seed shall possess the gate of his enemies; that I will bless you greatly, and I will multiply your seed greatly like the stars of the heavens, and like the sand which is on the seashore. Your seed will possess the gate of his enemies. That blessing I bless thee, and multiplying I multiply thy seed as stars of the heavens, and as sand which is on the sea-shore; and thy seed doth possess the gate of his enemies; That in blessing I will bless you, and in multiplying I will multiply your seed as the stars of the heaven, and as the sand which is on the sea shore; and your seed shall possess the gate of his enemies; 
Genesis 22:18 And in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed; because thou hast obeyed my voice. And in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed. Because thou hast obeyed my voice. And in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed, because thou hast obeyed my voice. and in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth bless themselves, because thou hast hearkened to my voice. And in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed; because thou hast obeyed my voice. And in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed: because thou hast obeyed my voice.In your seed will all the nations of the earth be blessed, because you have obeyed my voice." and blessed themselves in thy seed have all nations of the earth, because that thou hast hearkened to My voice.' And in your seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed; because you have obeyed my voice.
Genesis 22:19 So Abraham returned unto his young men, and they rose up and went together to Beersheba; and Abraham dwelt at Beersheba. So Abraham returned unto his young men, and they rose up and went together to Beer-sheba. And Abraham dwelt at Beer-sheba. Abraham returned to his young men, and they went to Bersabee together, and he dwelt there. And Abraham returned to his young men, and they rose up and went together to Beer-sheba. And Abraham dwelt at Beer-sheba. So Abraham returned unto his young men, and they rose up and went together to Beer-sheba; and Abraham dwelt at Beer-sheba. So Abraham returned to his young men, and they rose and went together to Beer-sheba; and Abraham dwelt at Beer-sheba. So Abraham returned to his young men, and they rose up and went together to Beersheba. Abraham lived at Beersheba. And Abraham turneth back unto his young men, and they rise and go together unto Beer-Sheba; and Abraham dwelleth in Beer-Sheba. So Abraham returned to his young men, and they rose up and went together to Beersheba; and Abraham dwelled at Beersheba.
Genesis 22:20 And it came to pass after these things, that it was told Abraham, saying, Behold, Milcah, she hath also born children unto thy brother Nahor; And it came to pass after these things, that it was told Abraham, saying, Behold, Milcah, she also hath borne children unto they brother Nahor. After these things, it was told Abraham that Melcha also had borne children to Nachor his brother. And it came to pass after these things, that it was told Abraham, saying, Behold, Milcah, she also has borne sons to thy brother Nahor: And it came to pass after these things, that it was told Abraham, saying, Behold, Milcah, she also hath borne children unto thy brother Nahor; And it came to pass after these things, that it was told to Abraham, saying, Behold, Milcah, she hath also borne children to thy brother Nahor; It happened after these things, that it was told Abraham, saying, "Behold, Milcah, she also has borne children to your brother Nahor: And it cometh to pass after these things that it is declared to Abraham, saying, 'Lo, Milcah hath borne, even she, sons to Nahor thy brother: And it came to pass after these things, that it was told Abraham, saying, Behold, Milcah, she has also born children to your brother Nahor; 
Genesis 22:21 Huz his firstborn, and Buz his brother, and Kemuel the father of Aram, Uz his first-born, and Buz his brother, and Kemuel the father of Aram.Hus the firstborn, and Buz his brother, and Camuel the father of the Syrians,  Uz his first-born, and Buz his brother, and Kemuel the father of Aram, Uz his firstborn, and Buz his brother, and Kemuel the father of Aram; Huz his first-born, and Buz his brother, and Kemuel the father of Aram, Uz his firstborn, Buz his brother, Kemuel the father of Aram, Huz his first-born, and Buz his brother; and Kemuel father of Aram, Huz his firstborn, and Buz his brother, and Kemuel the father of Aram, 
Genesis 22:22 And Chesed, and Hazo, and Pildash, and Jidlaph, and Bethuel. And Chesed, and Hazo, and Pildash, and Jidlaph, and Bethuel. And Cased, and Azau, and Pheldas, and Jedlaph,  and Chesed, and Hazo, and Pildash, and Jidlaph, and Bethuel. And Chesed, and Hazo, and Pildash, and Jidlaph, and Bethuel. And Chesed, and Hazo, and Pildash, and Jidlaph, and Bethuel.Chesed, Hazo, Pildash, Jidlaph, and Bethuel." and Chesed, and Hazo, and Pildash, and Jidlaph, and Bethuel; And Chesed, and Hazo, and Pildash, and Jidlaph, and Bethuel.
Genesis 22:23 And Bethuel begat Rebekah: these eight Milcah did bear to Nahor, Abraham's brother. And Bethuel begat Rebekah. These eight did Milcah bear to Nahor, Abraham's brother. And Bathuel, of whom was born Rebecca: These eight did Melcha bear to Nachor Abraham's brother. (And Bethuel begot Rebecca.) These eight Milcah bore to Nahor, Abraham's brother. And Bethuel begat Rebekah: these eight did Milcah bear to Nahor, Abraham's brother. And Bethuel begat Rebekah: these eight Milcah bore to Nahor Abraham's brother.Bethuel became the father of Rebekah. These eight Milcah bore to Nahor, Abraham's brother. And Bethuel hath begotten Rebekah;' these eight hath Milcah borne to Nahor, Abraham's brother; And Bethuel begat Rebekah: these eight Milcah did bear to Nahor, Abraham's brother.
Genesis 22:24 And his concubine, whose name was Reumah, she bare also Tebah, and Gaham, and Thahash, and Maachah. And his concubine, whose name was Reumah, she also bare Tebah, and Gaham, and Tahash, and Maacah. And his concubine, named Roma, bore Tabee, and Gaham, and Tahas, and Maacha. And his concubine, named Reumah, she also bore Tebah, and Gaham, and Thahash, and Maacah. And his concubine, whose name was Reumah, she also bare Tebah, and Gaham, and Tahash, and Maacah. And his concubine, whose name was Reumah, she bore also Tebah, and Gaham, and Thahash, and Maachah.His concubine, whose name was Reumah, also bore Tebah, Gaham, Tahash, and Maacah. And his concubine, whose name is Reumah, she also hath borne Tebah, and Gaham, and Tahash, and Maachah. And his concubine, whose name was Reumah, she bore also Tebah, and Gaham, and Thahash, and Maachah.
Genesis 23:1 And Sarah was an hundred and seven and twenty years old: these were the years of the life of Sarah. And the life of Sarah was a hundred and seven and twenty years. These were the years of the life of Sarah. And Sara lived a hundred and twenty-seven years. And the life of Sarah was a hundred and twenty-seven years: these were the years of the life of Sarah. And the life of Sarah was an hundred and seven and twenty years: these were the years of the life of Sarah. And Sarah was a hundred and twenty-seven years old: these were the years of the life of Sarah. Sarah lived one hundred twenty-seven years. This was the length of Sarah's life. And the life of Sarah is a hundred and twenty and seven years &#8212; years of the life of Sarah; And Sarah was an hundred and seven and twenty years old: these were the years of the life of Sarah.
Genesis 23:2 And Sarah died in Kirjatharba; the same is Hebron in the land of Canaan: and Abraham came to mourn for Sarah, and to weep for her. And Sarah died in Kiriath-arba (the same is Hebron), in the land of Canaan. And Abraham came to mourn for Sarah, and to weep for her. And she died in the city of Arbee which is Hebron, in the land of Chanaan: and Abraham came to mourn and weep for her. And Sarah died in Kirjath-Arba: that is Hebron, in the land of Canaan. And Abraham came to mourn for Sarah, and to weep for her. And Sarah died in Kiriath-arba (the same is Hebron), in the land of Canaan: and Abraham came to mourn for Sarah, and to weep for her. And Sarah died in Kirjath-arba; the same is Hebron in the land of Canaan: And Abraham came to mourn for Sarah, and to weep for her. Sarah died in Kiriath Arba (the same is Hebron), in the land of Canaan. Abraham came to mourn for Sarah, and to weep for her. And Sarah dieth in Kirjath-Arba, which is Hebron, in the land of Caanan, and Abraham goeth in to mourn for Sarah, and to bewail her. And Sarah died in Kirjatharba; the same is Hebron in the land of Canaan: and Abraham came to mourn for Sarah, and to weep for her.
Genesis 23:3 And Abraham stood up from before his dead, and spake unto the sons of Heth, saying, And Abraham rose up from before his dead, and spake unto the children of Heth, saying, And after he rose up from the funeral obsequies, he spoke to the children of Heth, saying:  And Abraham rose up from before his dead, and spoke to the sons of Heth, saying, And Abraham rose up from before his dead, and spake unto the children of Heth, saying, And Abraham stood up from before his dead, and spoke to the sons of Heth, saying, Abraham rose up from before his dead, and spoke to the children of Heth, saying, And Abraham riseth up from the presence of his dead, and speaketh unto the sons of Heth, saying, And Abraham stood up from before his dead, and spoke to the sons of Heth, saying, 
Genesis 23:4 I am a stranger and a sojourner with you: give me a possession of a buryingplace with you, that I may bury my dead out of my sight.I am a stranger and a sojourner with you. Give me a possession of a burying-place with you, that I may bury my dead out of my sight.I am a stranger and sojourner among you: give me the right of a burying-place with you, that I may bury my dead. I am a stranger and a sojourner with you; give me a possession of a sepulchre with you, that I may bury my dead from before me.I am a stranger and a sojourner with you: give me a possession of a buryingplace with you, that I may bury my dead out of my sight.I am a stranger and a sojourner with you; give me a possession of a burying-place with you, that I may bury my dead out of my sight."I am a stranger and a foreigner living with you. Give me a possession of a burying-place with you, that I may bury my dead out of my sight." A sojourner and a settler I am with you; give to me a possession of a burying-place with you, and I bury my dead from before me.' I am a stranger and a sojourner with you: give me a possession of a burial plot with you, that I may bury my dead out of my sight.
Genesis 23:5 And the children of Heth answered Abraham, saying unto him, And the children of Heth answered Abraham, saying unto him, The children of Heth answered, saying:  And the sons of Heth answered Abraham, saying to him, And the children of Heth answered Abraham, saying unto him, And the children of Heth answered Abraham, saying to him, The children of Heth answered Abraham, saying to him, And the sons of Heth answer Abraham, saying to him, And the children of Heth answered Abraham, saying to him, 
Genesis 23:6 Hear us, my lord: thou art a mighty prince among us: in the choice of our sepulchres bury thy dead; none of us shall withhold from thee his sepulchre, but that thou mayest bury thy dead.Hear us, my lord. Thou art a prince of God among us. In the choice of our sepulchres bury thy dead. None of us shall withhold from thee his sepulchre, but that thou mayest bury thy dead.My Lord, hear us, thou art a prince of God among us: bury thy dead in our principle sepulchers: and no man shall have power to hinder thee from burying thy dead in his sepulcher. Hear us, my lord: thou art a prince of God among us: in the choicest of our sepulchres bury thy dead: none of us shall withhold from thee his sepulchre for burying thy dead.Hear us, my lord: thou art a mighty prince among us: in the choice of our sepulchres bury thy dead; none of us shall withhold from thee his sepulchre, but that thou mayest bury thy dead.Hear us, my lord; thou art a mighty prince among us: in the choice of our sepulchers bury thy dead: none of us will withhold from thee his sepulcher, but that thou mayest bury thy dead."Hear us, my lord. You are a prince of God among us. Bury your dead in the best of our tombs. None of us will withhold from you his tomb. Bury your dead." Hear us, my lord; a prince of God art thou in our midst; in the choice of our burying-places bury thy dead: none of us his burying-place doth withhold from thee, from burying thy dead.' Hear us, my lord: you are a mighty prince among us: in the choice of our sepulchers bury your dead; none of us shall withhold from you his sepulcher, but that you may bury your dead.
Genesis 23:7 And Abraham stood up, and bowed himself to the people of the land, even to the children of Heth. And Abraham rose up, and bowed himself to the people of the land, even to the children of Heth. Abraham rose up, and bowed down to the people of the land, to wit the children of Heth:  And Abraham rose up, and bowed down to the people of the land, to the sons of Heth, And Abraham rose up, and bowed himself to the people of the land, even to the children of Heth. And Abraham stood up and bowed himself to the people of the land, to the children of Heth. Abraham rose up, and bowed himself to the people of the land, even to the children of Heth. And Abraham riseth and boweth himself to the people of the land, to the sons of Heth, And Abraham stood up, and bowed himself to the people of the land, even to the children of Heth.
Genesis 23:8 And he communed with them, saying, If it be your mind that I should bury my dead out of my sight; hear me, and intreat for me to Ephron the son of Zohar, And he communed with them, saying, If it be your mind that I should bury my dead out of my sight, hear me, and entreat for me to Ephron the son of Zohar, And said to them: If it please your soul that I should bury my dead, hear me, and intercede for me to Ephron the son of Seor. and spoke to them, saying, If it be your will that I should bury my dead from before me, hear me, and entreat for me Ephron the son of Zohar, And he communed with them, saying, If it be your mind that I should bury my dead out of my sight, hear me, and entreat for me to Ephron the son of Zohar, And he communed with them, saying, If it is your mind that I should bury my dead out of my sight, hear me, and entreat for me to Ephron the son of Zohar, He talked with them, saying, "If it be your mind that I should bury my dead out of my sight, hear me, and entreat for me to Ephron the son of Zohar, and he speaketh with them, saying, 'If it is your desire to bury my dead from before me, hear me, and meet for me with Ephron, son of Zoar; And he communed with them, saying, If it be your mind that I should bury my dead out of my sight; hear me, and entreat for me to Ephron the son of Zohar, 
Genesis 23:9 That he may give me the cave of Machpelah, which he hath, which is in the end of his field; for as much money as it is worth he shall give it me for a possession of a buryingplace amongst you. That he may give me the cave of Machpelah, which he hath, which is in the end of his field. For the full price let him give it to me in the midst of you for a possession of a burying-place. That he may give me the double cave, which he hath in the end of his field: for as much money as it is worth he shall give it me before you, for a possession of a buryingplace. that he may give me the cave of Machpelah, which is his, which is at the end of his field; for the full money let him give it to me amongst you for a possession of a sepulchre. That he may give me the cave of Machpelah, which he hath, which is in the end of his field; for the full price let him give it to me in the midst of you for a possession of a buryingplace. That he may give me the cave of Machpelah, which he hath, which is in the end of his field; for as much money as it is worth he shall give it me, for a possession of a burying-place among you. That he may give me the cave of Machpelah, which he has, which is in the end of his field. For the full price let him give it to me among you for a possession of a burying-place." and he giveth to me the cave of Machpelah, which he hath, which is in the extremity of his field; for full money doth he give it to me, in your midst, for a possession of a burying-place.' That he may give me the cave of Machpelah, which he has, which is in the end of his field; for as much money as it is worth he shall give it me for a possession of a burial plot among you.
Genesis 23:10 And Ephron dwelt among the children of Heth: and Ephron the Hittite answered Abraham in the audience of the children of Heth, even of all that went in at the gate of his city, saying, Now Ephron was sitting in the midst of the children of Heth. And Ephron the Hittite answered Abraham in the audience of the children of Heth, even of all that went in at the gate of his city, saying, Now Ephron dwelt in the midst of the children of Heth. And Ephron made answer to Abraham in the hearing of all that went in at the gate of the city, saying:  And Ephron was dwelling among the sons of Heth. And Ephron the Hittite answered Abraham, in the ears of the sons of Heth, even of all that went in at the gate of his city, saying, Now Ephron was sitting in the midst of the children of Heth: and Ephron the Hittite answered Abraham in the audience of the children of Heth, even of all that went in at the gate of his city, saying, And Ephron dwelt among the children of Heth. And Ephron the Hittite answered Abraham in the audience of the children of Heth, of all that entered the gates of his city, saying, Now Ephron was sitting in the middle of the children of Heth. Ephron the Hittite answered Abraham in the hearing of the children of Heth, even of all who went in at the gate of his city, saying, And Ephron is sitting in the midst of the sons of Heth, and Ephron the Hittite answereth Abraham in the ears of the sons of Heth, of all those entering the gate of his city, saying, And Ephron dwelled among the children of Heth: and Ephron the Hittite answered Abraham in the audience of the children of Heth, even of all that went in at the gate of his city, saying, 
Genesis 23:11 Nay, my lord, hear me: the field give I thee, and the cave that is therein, I give it thee; in the presence of the sons of my people give I it thee: bury thy dead.Nay, my lord, hear me. The field give I thee, and the cave that is therein, I give it thee. In the presence of the children of my people give I it thee. Bury thy dead.Let it not be so, my lord, but do thou rather hearken to what I say: The field I deliver to thee, and the cave that is therein, in the presence of the children of my people, bury thy dead. No, my lord: hear me. The field give I thee; and the cave that is in it, to thee I give it; before the eyes of the sons of my people give I it thee: bury thy dead.Nay, my lord, hear me: the field give I thee, and the cave that is therein, I give it thee; in the presence of the sons of my people give I it thee: bury thy dead.Nay, my lord, hear me: the field give I to thee, and the cave that is in it, I give it to thee; in the presence of the sons of my people I give it to thee: bury thy dead."No, my lord, hear me. I give you the field, and I give you the cave that is in it. In the presence of the children of my people I give it to you. Bury your dead." Nay, my lord, hear me: the field I have given to thee, and the cave that is in it, to thee I have given it; before the eyes of the sons of my people I have given it to thee &#8212; bury thy dead.' No, my lord, hear me: the field give I you, and the cave that is therein, I give it you; in the presence of the sons of my people give I it you: bury your dead.
Genesis 23:12 And Abraham bowed down himself before the people of the land. And Abraham bowed himself down before the people of the land. Abraham bowed down before the people of the land,  And Abraham bowed down before the people of the land; And Abraham bowed himself down before the people of the land. And Abraham bowed himself before the people of the land. Abraham bowed himself down before the people of the land. And Abraham boweth himself before the people of the land, And Abraham bowed down himself before the people of the land.
Genesis 23:13 And he spake unto Ephron in the audience of the people of the land, saying, But if thou wilt give it, I pray thee, hear me: I will give thee money for the field; take it of me, and I will bury my dead there. And he spake unto Ephron in the audience of the people of the land, saying, But if thou wilt, I pray thee, hear me. I will give the price of the field. Take it of me, and I will bury my dead there. And he spoke to Ephron, in the presence of the people: I beseech thee to hear me: I will give money for the field: take it, and so I will bury my dead in it. and he spoke to Ephron, in the ears of the people of the land, saying, But if only thou wouldst listen to me, I give the money for the field: take it of me, and I will bury my dead there. And he spake unto Ephron in the audience of the people of the land, saying, But if thou wilt, I pray thee, hear me: I will give the price of the field; take it of me, and I will bury my dead there. And he spoke to Ephron in the audience of the people of the land, saying, But if thou wilt give it, I pray thee, hear me: I will give thee money for the field: take it of me, and I will bury my dead there.He spoke to Ephron in the audience of the people of the land, saying, "But if you will, please hear me. I will give the price of the field. Take it from me, and I will bury my dead there." and speaketh unto Ephron in the ears of the people of the land, saying, 'Only &#8212; if thou wouldest hear me &#8212; I have given the money of the field &#8212; accept from me, and I bury my dead there.' And he spoke to Ephron in the audience of the people of the land, saying, But if you will give it, I pray you, hear me: I will give you money for the field; take it of me, and I will bury my dead there.
Genesis 23:14 And Ephron answered Abraham, saying unto him, And Ephron answered Abraham, saying unto him, And Ephron answered:  And Ephron answered Abraham, saying to him, And Ephron answered Abraham, saying unto him, And Ephron answered Abraham, saying to him, Ephron answered Abraham, saying to him, And Ephron answereth Abraham, saying to him, And Ephron answered Abraham, saying to him, 
Genesis 23:15 My lord, hearken unto me: the land is worth four hundred shekels of silver; what is that betwixt me and thee? bury therefore thy dead.My lord, hearken unto me. A piece of land worth four hundred shekels of silver, what is that betwixt me and thee? Bury therefore thy dead.My lord, hear me. The ground which thou desirest, is worth four hundred sicles of silver: this is the price between me and thee: but what is this? bury thy dead. My lord, hearken to me. A field of four hundred shekels of silver, what is that between me and thee? bury therefore thy dead.My lord, hearken unto me: a piece of land worth four hundred shekels of silver, what is that betwixt me and thee? bury therefore thy dead.My lord, hearken to me: the land is worth four hundred shekels of silver; what is that betwixt me and thee? bury therefore thy dead."My lord, listen to me. What is a piece of land worth four hundred shekels of silver between me and you? Therefore bury your dead." My lord, hear me: the land &#8212; four hundred shekels of silver; between me and thee, what is it? &#8212; thy dead bury.' My lord, listen to me: the land is worth four hundred shekels of silver; what is that between me and you? bury therefore your dead.
Genesis 23:16 And Abraham hearkened unto Ephron; and Abraham weighed to Ephron the silver, which he had named in the audience of the sons of Heth, four hundred shekels of silver, current money with the merchant. And Abraham hearkened unto Ephron. And Abraham weighed to Ephron the silver which he had named in the audience of the children of Heth, four hundred shekels of silver, current money with the merchant. And when Abraham had heard this, he weighed out the money that Ephron had asked, in the hearing of the children of Heth, four hundred sicles of silver of common current money. And Abraham hearkened to Ephron; and Abraham weighed to Ephron the money that he had named in the ears of the sons of Heth four hundred shekels of silver, current with the merchant. And Abraham hearkened unto Ephron; and Abraham weighed to Ephron the silver, which he had named in the audience of the children of Heth, four hundred shekels of silver, current money with the merchant. And Abraham hearkened to Ephron; and Abraham weighed to Ephron the silver which he had named in the audience of the sons of Heth, four hundred shekels of silver, current money with the merchant. Abraham listened to Ephron. Abraham weighed to Ephron the silver which he had named in the audience of the children of Heth, four hundred shekels of silver, according to the current merchants' standard. And Abraham hearkeneth unto Ephron, and Abraham weigheth to Ephron the silver which he hath spoken of in the ears of the sons of Heth, four hundred silver shekels, passing with the merchant. And Abraham listened to Ephron; and Abraham weighed to Ephron the silver, which he had named in the audience of the sons of Heth, four hundred shekels of silver, current money with the merchant.
Genesis 23:17 And the field of Ephron, which was in Machpelah, which was before Mamre, the field, and the cave which was therein, and all the trees that were in the field, that were in all the borders round about, were made sure So the field of Ephron, which was in Machpelah, which was before Mamre, the field, and the cave which was therein, and all the trees that were in the field, that were in all the border thereof round about, were made sure And the field that before was Ephron's, wherein was the double cave, looking towards Mambre, both it and the cave, and all the trees thereof in all its limits round about,  So the field of Ephron, which was at Machpelah, which was before Mamre, the field, and the cave that was in it, and all the trees that were in the field, that were in all its borders round about, So the field of Ephron, which was in Machpelah, which was before Mamre, the field, and the cave which was therein, and all the trees that were in the field, that were in all the border thereof round about, were made sure And the field of Ephron, which was in Machpelah, which was before Mamre, the field and the cave which was in it, and all the trees that were in the field, that were in all the borders round about, were made sure So the field of Ephron, which was in Machpelah, which was before Mamre, the field, the cave which was in it, and all the trees that were in the field, that were in all of its borders, were deeded And established are the field of Ephron, which is in Machpelah, which is before Mamre, the field and the cave which is in it, and all the trees which are in the field, which are in all its border round about, And the field of Ephron which was in Machpelah, which was before Mamre, the field, and the cave which was therein, and all the trees that were in the field, that were in all the borders round about, were made sure 
Genesis 23:18 Unto Abraham for a possession in the presence of the children of Heth, before all that went in at the gate of his city.unto Abraham for a possession in the presence of the children of Heth, before all that went in at the gate of his city.Was made sure to Abraham for a possession, in the sight of the children of Heth, and of all that went in at the gate of his city. were assured to Abraham for a possession before the eyes of the sons of Heth, before all who went in at the gate of his city.unto Abraham for a possession in the presence of the children of Heth, before all that went in at the gate of his city. To Abraham for a possession in the presence of the children of Heth, before all that entered the gate of his city. To Abraham for a possession in the presence of the children of Heth, before all who went in at the gate of his city. To Abraham by purchase, before the eyes of the sons of Heth, among all entering the gate of his city. To Abraham for a possession in the presence of the children of Heth, before all that went in at the gate of his city.
Genesis 23:19 And after this, Abraham buried Sarah his wife in the cave of the field of Machpelah before Mamre: the same is Hebron in the land of Canaan. And after this, Abraham buried Sarah his wife in the cave of the field of Machpelah before Mamre (the same is Hebron), in the land of Canaan. And so Abraham buried Sara his wife, in a double cave of the field, that looked towards Mambre, this is Hebron in the land of Chanaan. And after this, Abraham buried Sarah his wife in the cave of the field at Machpelah, opposite to Mamre: that is Hebron, in the land of Canaan. And after this, Abraham buried Sarah his wife in the cave of the field of Machpelah before Mamre (the same is Hebron), in the land of Canaan. And after this, Abraham buried Sarah his wife in the cave of the field of Machpelah, before Mamre: the same is Hebron in the land of Canaan. After this, Abraham buried Sarah his wife in the cave of the field of Machpelah before Mamre (that is, Hebron), in the land of Canaan. And after this hath Abraham buried Sarah his wife at the cave of the field of Machpelah before Mamre (which is Hebron), in the land of Canaan; And after this, Abraham buried Sarah his wife in the cave of the field of Machpelah before Mamre: the same is Hebron in the land of Canaan.
Genesis 23:20 And the field, and the cave that is therein, were made sure unto Abraham for a possession of a buryingplace by the sons of Heth. And the field, and the cave that is therein, were made sure unto Abraham for a possession of a burying-place by the children of Heth. And the field was made sure to Abraham, and the cave that was in it, for a possession to bury in, by the children of Heth. And the field and the cave that was in it were assured to Abraham for a possession of a sepulchre by the sons of Heth. And the field, and the cave that is therein, were made sure unto Abraham for a possession of a buryingplace by the children of Heth. And the field, and the cave that is in it were made sure to Abraham for a possession of a burying-place, by the sons of Heth. The field, and the cave that is in it, were deeded to Abraham for a possession of a burying place by the children of Heth. And established are the field, and the cave which is in it, to Abraham for a possession of a burying-place, from the sons of Heth. And the field, and the cave that is therein, were made sure to Abraham for a possession of a burial plot by the sons of Heth.
Genesis 24:1 And Abraham was old, and well stricken in age: and the LORD had blessed Abraham in all things. And Abraham was old, and well stricken in age. And Jehovah had blessed Abraham in all things.Now Abraham was old; and advanced in age: and the Lord had blessed him in all things. And Abraham was old, and advanced in age; and Jehovah had blessed Abraham in all things. And Abraham was old, and well stricken in age: and the LORD had blessed Abraham in all things. And Abraham was old and far advanced in age: and the LORD had blessed Abraham in all things. Abraham was old, and well stricken in age. Yahweh had blessed Abraham in all things. And Abraham is old, he hath entered into days, and Jehovah hath blessed Abraham in all things; And Abraham was old, and well stricken in age: and the LORD had blessed Abraham in all things.
Genesis 24:2 And Abraham said unto his eldest servant of his house, that ruled over all that he had, Put, I pray thee, thy hand under my thigh: And Abraham said unto his servant, the elder of his house, that ruled over all that he had, Put, I pray thee, thy hand under my thigh. And he said to the elder servant of his house, who was ruler over all he had: Put thy hand under my thigh,  And Abraham said to his servant, the eldest of his house, who ruled over all that he had, Put thy hand, I pray thee, under my thigh, And Abraham said unto his servant, the elder of his house, that ruled over all that he had, Put, I pray thee, thy hand under my thigh: And Abraham said to his eldest servant of his house, that ruled over all that he had, Put, I pray thee, thy hand under my thigh: Abraham said to his servant, the elder of his house, who ruled over all that he had, "Please put your hand under my thigh. And Abraham saith unto his servant, the eldest of his house, who is ruling over all that he hath, 'Put, I pray thee, thy hand under my thigh, And Abraham said to his oldest servant of his house, that ruled over all that he had, Put, I pray you, your hand under my thigh: 
Genesis 24:3 And I will make thee swear by the LORD, the God of heaven, and the God of the earth, that thou shalt not take a wife unto my son of the daughters of the Canaanites, among whom I dwell: And I will make thee swear by Jehovah, the God of heaven and the God of the earth, that thou wilt not take a wife for my son of the daughters of the Canaanites, among whom I dwell. That I may make thee swear by the Lord the God of heaven and earth, that thou take not a wife for my son, of the daughters of the Chanaanites, among whom I dwell:  and I will make thee swear by Jehovah, the God of the heavens and the God of the earth, that thou take not a wife for my son of the daughters of the Canaanites, among whom I am dwelling; and I will make thee swear by the LORD, the God of heaven and the God of the earth, that thou shalt not take a wife for my son of the daughters of the Canaanites, among whom I dwell: And I will make thee swear by the LORD, the God of heaven and the God of the earth, that thou wilt not take a wife for my son of the daughters of the Canaanites among whom I dwell: I will make you swear by Yahweh, the God of heaven and the God of the earth, that you shall not take a wife for my son of the daughters of the Canaanites, among whom I live. And I cause thee to swear by Jehovah, God of the heavens, and God of the earth, that thou dost not take a wife for my son from the daughters of the Canaanite, in the midst of whom I am dwelling; And I will make you swear by the LORD, the God of heaven, and the God of the earth, that you shall not take a wife to my son of the daughters of the Canaanites, among whom I dwell: 
Genesis 24:4 But thou shalt go unto my country, and to my kindred, and take a wife unto my son Isaac.But thou shalt go unto my country, and to my kindred, and take a wife for my son Isaac.But that thou go to my own country and kindred, and take a wife from thence for my son Isaac. but thou shalt go to my land and to my kindred, and take a wife for my son Isaac.but thou shalt go unto my country, and to my kindred, and take a wife for my son Isaac.But thou shalt go to my country, and to my kindred, and take a wife for my son Isaac.But you shall go to my country, and to my relatives, and take a wife for my son Isaac." but unto my land and unto my kindred dost thou go, and hast taken a wife for my son, for Isaac.' But you shall go to my country, and to my kindred, and take a wife to my son Isaac.
Genesis 24:5 And the servant said unto him, Peradventure the woman will not be willing to follow me unto this land: must I needs bring thy son again unto the land from whence thou camest? And the servant said unto him, Peradventure the woman will not be willing to follow me unto this land. Must I needs bring thy son again unto the land from whence thou camest? The servant answered: If the woman will not come with me into this land, must I bring thy son back again to the place, from whence thou camest out?  And the servant said to him, Perhaps the woman will not be willing to follow me to this land: must I, then, bring thy son again in any case to the land from which thou hast removed? And the servant said unto him, Peradventure the woman will not be willing to follow me unto this land: must I needs bring thy son again unto the land from whence thou camest? And the servant said to him, It may be the woman will not be willing to follow me to this land: must I needs bring thy son again to the land from whence thou camest? The servant said to him, "What if the woman isn't willing to follow me to this land? Must I bring your son again to the land you came from?" And the servant saith unto him, 'It may be the woman is not willing to come after me unto this land; do I at all cause thy son to turn back unto the land from whence thou camest out?' And the servant said to him, Peradventure the woman will not be willing to follow me to this land: must I needs bring your son again to the land from from where you came? 
Genesis 24:6 And Abraham said unto him, Beware thou that thou bring not my son thither again. And Abraham said unto him, Beware thou that thou bring not my son thither again. And Abraham said: Beware thou never bring my son back again thither. And Abraham said to him, Beware that thou bring not my son thither again. And Abraham said unto him, Beware thou that thou bring not my son thither again. And Abraham said to him, Beware that thou bring not my son thither again. Abraham said to him, "Beware that you don't bring my son there again. And Abraham saith unto him, 'Take heed to thyself, lest thou cause my son to turn back thither; And Abraham said to him, Beware you that you bring not my son thither again.
Genesis 24:7 The LORD God of heaven, which took me from my father's house, and from the land of my kindred, and which spake unto me, and that sware unto me, saying, Unto thy seed will I give this land; he shall send his angel before thee, and thou shalt take a wife unto my son from thence.Jehovah, the God of heaven, who took me from my father's house, and from the land of my nativity, and who spake unto me, and who sware unto me, saying, Unto thy seed will I give this land. He will send his angel before thee, and thou shalt take a wife for my son from thence. The Lord God of heaven, who took me out of my father's house, and out of my native country, who spoke to me, and swore to me, saying: To thy seed will I give this land: he will send his angel before thee, and thou shalt take from thence a wife for my son. Jehovah the God of the heavens, who took me out of my father's house, and out of the land of my nativity, and who has spoken to me, and who has sworn to me, saying, Unto thy seed will I give this land he will send his angel before thee, that thou mayest take a wife for my son thence. The LORD, the God of heaven, that took me from my father's house, and from the land of my nativity, and that spake unto me, and that sware unto me, saying, Unto thy seed will I give this land; he shall send his angel before thee, and thou shalt take a wife for my son from thence. The LORD God of heaven, who took me from my father's house, and from the land of my kindred, and who spoke to me, and who swore to me, saying, To thy seed I will give this land: he will send his angel before thee, and thou shalt take a wife for my son from thence.Yahweh, the God of heaven, who took me from my father's house, and from the land of my birth, who spoke to me, and who swore to me, saying, 'I will give this land to your seed.' He will send his angel before you, and you shall take a wife for my son from there.Jehovah, God of the heavens, who hath taken me from the house of my father, and from the land of my birth, and who hath spoken to me, and who hath sworn to me, saying, To thy seed I give this land, He doth send His messenger before thee, and thou hast taken a wife for my son from thence; The LORD God of heaven, which took me from my father's house, and from the land of my kindred, and which spoke to me, and that swore to me, saying, To your seed will I give this land; he shall send his angel before you, and you shall take a wife to my son from there.
Genesis 24:8 And if the woman will not be willing to follow thee, then thou shalt be clear from this my oath: only bring not my son thither again. And if the woman be not willing to follow thee, then thou shalt be clear from this my oath. Only thou shalt not bring my son thither again.But if the woman will not follow thee, thou shalt not be bound by the oath; only bring not my son back thither again. And if the woman be not willing to follow thee, then thou shalt be quit of this my oath: only, bring not my son thither again. And if the woman be not willing to follow thee, then thou shalt be clear from this my oath; only thou shalt not bring my son thither again. And if the woman shall not be willing to follow thee, then thou shalt be clear from this my oath; only bring not my son thither again.If the woman isn't willing to follow you, then you shall be clear from this my oath. Only you shall not bring my son there again." and if the woman be not willing to come after thee, then thou hast been acquitted from this mine oath: only my son thou dost not cause to turn back thither.' And if the woman will not be willing to follow you, then you shall be clear from this my oath: only bring not my son thither again.
Genesis 24:9 And the servant put his hand under the thigh of Abraham his master, and sware to him concerning that matter. And the servant put his hand under the thigh of Abraham his master, and sware to him concerning this matter. The servant therefore put his hand under the thigh of Abraham his lord, and swore to him upon this word. And the servant put his hand under the thigh of Abraham his master, and swore unto him concerning that matter. And the servant put his hand under the thigh of Abraham his master, and sware to him concerning this matter. And the servant put his hand under the thigh of Abraham his master, and swore to him concerning that matter. The servant put his hand under the thigh of Abraham his master, and swore to him concerning this matter. And the servant putteth his hand under the thigh of Abraham his lord, and sweareth to him concerning this matter. And the servant put his hand under the thigh of Abraham his master, and swore to him concerning that matter.
Genesis 24:10 And the servant took ten camels of the camels of his master, and departed; for all the goods of his master were in his hand: and he arose, and went to Mesopotamia, unto the city of Nahor. And the servant took ten camels, of the camels of his master, and departed, having all goodly things of his master's in his hand. And he arose, and went to Mesopotamia, unto the city of Nahor. And he took ten camels of his master's herd, and departed, carrying something of all his goods with him, and he set forth and went on to Mesopotamia to the city of Nachor. And the servant took ten camels of the camels of his master, and departed; now all the treasure of his master was under his hand; and he arose and went to Aram-naharaim, to the city of Nahor. And the servant took ten camels, of the camels of his master, and departed; having all goodly things of his master's in his hand: and he arose, and went to Mesopotamia, unto the city of Nahor. And the servant took ten camels, of the camels of his master, and departed; (for all the goods of his master were in his hands:) and he arose, and went to Mesopotamia, to the city of Nahor. The servant took ten camels, of his master's camels, and departed, having a variety of good things of his master's with him. He arose, and went to Mesopotamia, to the city of Nahor. And the servant taketh ten camels of the camels of his lord and goeth, also of all the goods of his lord in his hand, and he riseth, and goeth unto Aram-Naharaim, unto the city of Nahor; And the servant took ten camels of the camels of his master, and departed; for all the goods of his master were in his hand: and he arose, and went to Mesopotamia, to the city of Nahor.
Genesis 24:11 And he made his camels to kneel down without the city by a well of water at the time of the evening, even the time that women go out to draw water. And he made the camels to kneel down without the city by the well of water at the time of evening, the time that women go out to draw water. And when he had made the camels lie down without the town near a well of water in Evening, at the time when women were wont to come out to draw water, he said:  And he made the camels kneel down outside the city by a well of water, at the time of the evening, when the women came out to draw water. And he made the camels to kneel down without the city by the well of water at the time of evening, the time that women go out to draw water. And he made his camels to kneel down without the city by a well of water, at the time of the evening, the time when women go out to draw water: He made the camels kneel down outside the city by the well of water at the time of evening, the time that women go out to draw water. And he causeth the camels to kneel at the outside of the city, at the well of water, at even-time, at the time of the coming out of the women who draw water. And he made his camels to kneel down without the city by a well of water at the time of the evening, even the time that women go out to draw water.
Genesis 24:12 And he said, O LORD God of my master Abraham, I pray thee, send me good speed this day, and shew kindness unto my master Abraham. And he said, O Jehovah, the God of my master Abraham, send me, I pray thee, good speed this day, and show kindness unto my master Abraham.O Lord the God of my master Abraham, meet me to day, I beseech thee, and show kindness to my master Abraham. And he said, Jehovah, God of my master Abraham, meet me, I pray thee, with thy blessing this day, and deal kindly with my master Abraham. And he said, O LORD, the God of my master Abraham, send me, I pray thee, good speed this day, and shew kindness unto my master Abraham. And he said, O LORD God of my master Abraham, I pray thee, prosper me this day, and show kindness to my master Abraham.He said, "Yahweh, the God of my master Abraham, please give me success this day, and show kindness to my master Abraham. And he saith, 'Jehovah, God of my lord Abraham, cause to meet, I pray Thee, before me this day &#8212; (and do kindness with my lord Abraham; And he said O LORD God of my master Abraham, I pray you, send me good speed this day, and show kindness to my master Abraham.
Genesis 24:13 Behold, I stand here by the well of water; and the daughters of the men of the city come out to draw water: Behold, I am standing by the fountain of water. And the daughters of the men of the city are coming out to draw water.Behold I stand nigh the spring of water, and the daughters of the inhabitants of this city will come out to draw water. Behold, I stand here by the well of water, and the daughters of the men of the city come out to draw water.Behold, I stand by the fountain of water; and the daughters of the men of the city come out to draw water: Behold, I stand here by the well of water; and the daughters of the men of the city come out to draw water: Behold, I am standing by the spring of water. The daughters of the men of the city are coming out to draw water.lo, I am standing by the fountain of water, and daughters of the men of the city are coming out to draw water; Behold, I stand here by the well of water; and the daughters of the men of the city come out to draw water: 
Genesis 24:14 And let it come to pass, that the damsel to whom I shall say, Let down thy pitcher, I pray thee, that I may drink; and she shall say, Drink, and I will give thy camels drink also: let the same be she that thou hast appointed for thy servant Isaac; and thereby shall I know that thou hast shewed kindness unto my master. And let it come to pass, that the damsel to whom I shall say, Let down thy pitcher, I pray thee, that I may drink. And she shall say, Drink, and I will give thy camels drink also. Let the same be she that thou hast appointed for thy servant Isaac. And thereby shall I know that thou hast showed kindness unto my master.Now, therefore, the maid to whom I shall say: Let down thy pitcher that I may drink: and she shall answer, Drink, and I will give thy camels drink also: let it be the same whom thou hast provided for thy servant Isaac: and by this I shall understand, that thou hast shown kindness to my master. And let it come to pass, that the maiden to whom I shall say, Let down thy pitcher, I pray thee, that I may drink, and who will say, Drink, and I will give thy camels drink also, be she whom thou hast appointed for thy servant Isaac; and hereby I shall know that thou hast dealt kindly with my master. And let it come to pass, that the damsel to whom I shall say, Let down thy pitcher, I pray thee, that I may drink; and she shall say, Drink, and I will give thy camels drink also: let the same be she that thou hast appointed for thy servant Isaac; and thereby shall I know that thou hast shewed kindness unto my master. And let it come to pass, that the damsel to whom I shall say, Let down thy pitcher, I pray thee, that I may drink; and she shall say, Drink, and I will give thy camels drink also: let the same be she that thou hast appointed for thy servant Isaac; and by that shall I know that thou hast shown kindness to my master.Let it happen, that the young lady to whom I will say, 'Please let down your pitcher, that I may drink,' and she will say, 'Drink, and I will also give your camels a drink,'&#8212;let her be the one you have appointed for your servant Isaac. By this I will know that you have shown kindness to my master." and it hath been, the young person unto whom I say, Incline, I pray thee, thy pitcher, and I drink, and she hath said, Drink, and I water also thy camels) &#8212; her Thou hast decided for Thy servant, for Isaac; and by it I know that Thou hast done kindness with my lord.' And let it come to pass, that the damsel to whom I shall say, Let down your pitcher, I pray you, that I may drink; and she shall say, Drink, and I will give your camels drink also: let the same be she that you have appointed for your servant Isaac; and thereby shall I know that you have showed kindness to my master.
Genesis 24:15 And it came to pass, before he had done speaking, that, behold, Rebekah came out, who was born to Bethuel, son of Milcah, the wife of Nahor, Abraham's brother, with her pitcher upon her shoulder. And it came to pass, before he had done speaking, that, behold, Rebekah came out, who was born to Bethuel the son of Milcah, the wife of Nahor, Abraham's brother, with her pitcher upon her shoulder.he had not yet ended these words within himself, and behold Rebecca came out, the daughter of Bathuel, son of Melcha, wife to Nachor the brother of Abraham, having a pitcher on her shoulder:  And it came to pass before he had ended speaking, that behold, Rebecca came out, who was born to Bethuel, son of Milcah the wife of Nahor, Abraham's brother; and she had her pitcher upon her shoulder. And it came to pass, before he had done speaking, that, behold, Rebekah came out, who was born to Bethuel the son of Milcah, the wife of Nahor, Abraham's brother, with her pitcher upon her shoulder. And it came to pass before he had done speaking, that behold, Rebekah came out, who was born to Bethuel son of Milcah, the wife of Nahor, Abraham's brother, with her pitcher upon her shoulder.It happened, before he had finished speaking, that behold, Rebekah came out, who was born to Bethuel the son of Milcah, the wife of Nahor, Abraham's brother, with her pitcher on her shoulder. And it cometh to pass, before he hath finished speaking, that lo, Rebekah (who was born to Bethuel, son of Milcah, wife of Nahor, brother of Abraham) is coming out, and her pitcher on her shoulder, And it came to pass, before he had done speaking, that, behold, Rebekah came out, who was born to Bethuel, son of Milcah, the wife of Nahor, Abraham's brother, with her pitcher on her shoulder.
Genesis 24:16 And the damsel was very fair to look upon, a virgin, neither had any man known her: and she went down to the well, and filled her pitcher, and came up. And the damsel was very fair to look upon, a virgin, neither had any man known her. And she went down to the fountain, and filled her pitcher, and came up. An exceedingly comely maid, and a most beautiful virgin, and not known to man: and she went down to the spring, and filled her pitcher and was coming back. And the maiden was very fair in countenance; a virgin, and no man had known her. And she went down to the well, and filled her pitcher, and came up. And the damsel was very fair to look upon, a virgin, neither had any man known her: and she went down to the fountain, and filled her pitcher, and came up. And the damsel was very fair to look upon, a virgin, neither had any man known her: and she went down to the well, and filled her pitcher, and came up. The young lady was very beautiful to look at, a virgin, neither had any man known her. She went down to the spring, filled her pitcher, and came up. And the young person is of very good appearance, a virgin, and a man hath not known her; and she goeth down to the fountain, and filleth her pitcher, and cometh up. And the damsel was very fair to look on, a virgin, neither had any man known her: and she went down to the well, and filled her pitcher, and came up.
Genesis 24:17 And the servant ran to meet her, and said, Let me, I pray thee, drink a little water of thy pitcher. And the servant ran to meet her, and said, Give me to drink, I pray thee, a little water from thy pitcher. And the servant ran to meet her, and said: Give me a little water to drink of thy pitcher. And the servant ran to meet her, and said, Let me, I pray thee, sip a little water out of thy pitcher. And the servant ran to meet her, and said, Give me to drink, I pray thee, a little water of thy pitcher. And the servant ran to meet her, and said, Let me, I pray thee, drink a little water from thy pitcher. The servant ran to meet her, and said, "Please give me a drink, a little water from your pitcher." And the servant runneth to meet her, and saith, 'Let me swallow, I pray thee, a little water from thy pitcher;' And the servant ran to meet her, and said, Let me, I pray you, drink a little water of your pitcher.
Genesis 24:18 And she said, Drink, my lord: and she hasted, and let down her pitcher upon her hand, and gave him drink. And she said, Drink, my lord. And she hasted, and let down her pitcher upon her hand, and gave him drink. And she answered: Drink, my lord. And quickly she let down the pitcher upon her arm, and gave him drink. And she said, Drink, my lord! And she hasted and let down her pitcher on her hand, and gave him to drink. And she said, Drink, my lord: and she hasted, and let down her pitcher upon her hand, and gave him drink. And she said, Drink, my lord. And she hasted, and let down her pitcher upon her hand, and gave him drink. She said, "Drink, my lord." She hurried, and let down her pitcher on her hand, and gave him drink. And she saith, 'Drink, my lord;' and she hasteth, and letteth down her pitcher upon her hand, and giveth him drink. And she said, Drink, my lord: and she hurried, and let down her pitcher on her hand, and gave him drink.
Genesis 24:19 And when she had done giving him drink, she said, I will draw water for thy camels also, until they have done drinking. And when she had done giving him drink, she said, I will draw for thy camels also, until they have done drinking. And when he had drunk, she said: I will draw water for thy camels also, till they all drink. And when she had given him enough to drink, she said, I will draw water for thy camels also, until they have drunk enough. And when she had done giving him drink, she said, I will draw for thy camels also, until they have done drinking. And when she had done giving him drink, she said, I will draw water for thy camels also, till they have done drinking.When she had done giving him drink, she said, "I will also draw for your camels, until they have done drinking." And she finisheth giving him drink, and saith, 'Also for thy camels I draw till they have finished drinking;' And when she had done giving him drink, she said, I will draw water for your camels also, until they have done drinking.
Genesis 24:20 And she hasted, and emptied her pitcher into the trough, and ran again unto the well to draw water, and drew for all his camels. And she hasted, and emptied her pitcher into the trough, and ran again unto the well to draw, and drew for all his camels. And pouring out the pitcher into the troughs, she ran back to the well to draw water: and having drawn she gave to all the camels. And she hasted and emptied her pitcher into the trough, and ran again to the well to draw water; and she drew for all his camels. And she hasted, and emptied her pitcher into the trough, and ran again unto the well to draw, and drew for all his camels. And she hasted, and emptied her pitcher into the trough, and ran again to the well to draw water, and drew for all his camels. She hurried, and emptied her pitcher into the trough, and ran again to the well to draw, and drew for all his camels. And she hasteth, and emptieth her pitcher into the drinking-trough, and runneth again unto the well to draw, and draweth for all his camels. And she hurried, and emptied her pitcher into the trough, and ran again to the well to draw water, and drew for all his camels.
Genesis 24:21 And the man wondering at her held his peace, to wit whether the LORD had made his journey prosperous or not. And the man looked stedfastly on her, holding his peace, to know whether Jehovah had made his journey prosperous or not.But he musing beheld her with silence, desirous to know whether the Lord had made his journey prosperous or not. And the man was astonished at her, remaining silent, to know whether Jehovah had made his journey prosperous or not. And the man looked stedfastly on her; holding his peace, to know whether the LORD had made his journey prosperous or not. And the man, wondering at her, held his peace, to know whether the LORD had made his journey prosperous, or not. The man looked steadfastly at her, remaining silent, to know whether Yahweh had made his journey prosperous or not. And the man, wondering at her, remaineth silent, to know whether Jehovah hath made his way prosperous or not. And the man wondering at her held his peace, to wit whether the LORD had made his journey prosperous or not.
Genesis 24:22 And it came to pass, as the camels had done drinking, that the man took a golden earring of half a shekel weight, and two bracelets for her hands of ten shekels weight of gold; And it came to pass, as the camels had done drinking, that the man took a golden ring of half a shekel weight, and two bracelets for her hands of ten shekels weight of gold, And after that the camels had drunk, the man took out golden earrings, weighing two sicles: and as many bracelets of ten sicles weight. And it came to pass when the camels had drunk enough, that the man took a gold ring, of half a shekel weight, and two bracelets for her hands, ten shekels weight of gold, And it came to pass, as the camels had done drinking, that the man took a golden ring of half a shekel weight, and two bracelets for her hands of ten shekels weight of gold; And it came to pass as the camels had done drinking, that the man took a golden ear-ring of half a shekel weight, and two bracelets for her hands of ten shekels weight of gold; It happened, as the camels had done drinking, that the man took a golden ring of half a shekel weight, and two bracelets for her hands of ten shekels weight of gold, And it cometh to pass when the camels have finished drinking, that the man taketh a golden ring (whose weight is a bekah), and two bracelets for her hands (whose weight is ten bekahs of gold), And it came to pass, as the camels had done drinking, that the man took a golden earring of half a shekel weight, and two bracelets for her hands of ten shekels weight of gold; 
Genesis 24:23 And said, Whose daughter art thou? tell me, I pray thee: is there room in thy father's house for us to lodge in? and said, Whose daughter art thou? Tell me, I pray thee. Is there room in thy father's house for us to lodge in? And he said to her: Whose daughter art thou? tell me: is there any place in thy father's house to lodge?  and said, Whose daughter art thou? tell me, I pray thee. Is there room in thy father's house for us to lodge? and said, Whose daughter art thou? tell me, I pray thee. Is there room in thy father's house for us to lodge in? And said, Whose daughter art thou? tell me, I pray thee: is there room in thy father's house for us to lodge in? and said, "Whose daughter are you? Please tell me. Is there room in your father's house for us to lodge in?" and saith, 'Whose daughter art thou? declare to me, I pray thee, is the house of thy father a place for us to lodge in?' And said, Whose daughter are you? tell me, I pray you: is there room in your father's house for us to lodge in? 
Genesis 24:24 And she said unto him, I am the daughter of Bethuel the son of Milcah, which she bare unto Nahor. And she said unto him, I am the daughter of Bethuel the son of Milcah, whom she bare unto Nahor. And she answered: I am the daughter of Bathuel, the son of Melcha, whom she bore to Nachor. And she said to him, I am the daughter of Bethuel the son of Milcah, whom she bore to Nahor. And she said unto him, I am the daughter of Bethuel the son of Milcah, which she bare unto Nahor. And she said to him, I am the daughter of Bethuel the son of Milcah, whom she bore to Nahor. She said to him, "I am the daughter of Bethuel the son of Milcah, whom she bore to Nahor." And she saith unto him, 'I am daughter of Bethuel, son of Milcah, whom she hath borne to Nahor.' And she said to him, I am the daughter of Bethuel the son of Milcah, which she bore to Nahor.
Genesis 24:25 She said moreover unto him, We have both straw and provender enough, and room to lodge in. She said moreover unto him, We have both straw and provender enough, and room to lodge in. And she said moreover to him: We have good store of both straw and hay, and a large place to lodge in. And she said to him, There is straw, and also much provender with us; also room to lodge. She said moreover unto him, We have both straw and provender enough, and room to lodge in. She said moreover to him, We have both straw and provender enough, and room to lodge in. She said moreover to him, "We have both straw and provender enough, and room to lodge in." She saith also unto him, 'Both straw and provender are abundant with us, also a place to lodge in.' She said moreover to him, We have both straw and provender enough, and room to lodge in.
Genesis 24:26 And the man bowed down his head, and worshipped the LORD. And the man bowed his head, and worshipped Jehovah. The man bowed himself down, and adored the Lord,  And the man stooped, and bowed down before Jehovah, And the man bowed his head, and worshipped the LORD. And the man bowed his head, and worshipped the LORD. The man bowed his head, and worshiped Yahweh. And the man boweth, and doth obeisance to Jehovah, And the man bowed down his head, and worshipped the LORD.
Genesis 24:27 And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of my master Abraham, who hath not left destitute my master of his mercy and his truth: I being in the way, the LORD led me to the house of my master's brethren. And he said, Blessed be Jehovah, the God of my master Abraham, who hath not forsaken his lovingkindness and his truth toward my master. As for me, Jehovah hath led me in the way to the house of my master's brethren. Saying: Blessed be the Lord God of my master Abraham, who hath not taken away his mercy and truth from my master, and hath brought me the straight way into the house of my master's brother. and said, Blessed be Jehovah, God of my master Abraham, who has not withdrawn his loving-kindness and his faithfulness from my master; I being in the way, Jehovah has led me to the house of my master's brethren. And he said, Blessed be the LORD, the God of my master Abraham, who hath not forsaken his mercy and his truth toward my master: as for me, the LORD hath led me in the way to the house of my master's brethren. And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of my master Abraham, who hath not left my master destitute of his mercy and his truth: I being in the way, the LORD led me to the house of my master's brethren.He said, "Blessed be Yahweh, the God of my master Abraham, who has not forsaken his loving kindness and his truth toward my master. As for me, Yahweh has led me in the way to the house of my master's relatives." and saith, 'Blessed is Jehovah, God of my lord Abraham, who hath not left off His kindness and His truth with my lord; &#8212; I being in the way, Jehovah hath led me to the house of my lord's brethren.' And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of my master Abraham, who has not left destitute my master of his mercy and his truth: I being in the way, the LORD led me to the house of my master's brothers.
Genesis 24:28 And the damsel ran, and told them of her mother's house these things. And the damsel ran, and told her mother's house according to these words. Then the maid ran, and told in her mother's house, all that she had heard. And the maiden ran and told these things to her mother's house. And the damsel ran, and told her mother's house according to these words. And the damsel ran, and told these things to her mother's house. The young lady ran, and told her mother's house about these words. And the young person runneth, and declareth to the house of her mother according to these words. And the damsel ran, and told them of her mother's house these things.
Genesis 24:29 And Rebekah had a brother, and his name was Laban: and Laban ran out unto the man, unto the well. And Rebekah had a brother, and his name was Laban: and Laban ran out unto the man, unto the fountain. And Rebecca had a brother named Laban, who went out in haste to the man, to the well. And Rebecca had a brother, named Laban; and Laban ran out to the man, to the well. And Rebekah had a brother, and his name was Laban: and Laban ran out unto the man, unto the fountain. And Rebekah had a brother, and his name was Laban: and Laban ran out to the man, to the well.Rebekah had a brother, and his name was Laban. Laban ran out to the man, to the spring. And Rebekah hath a brother, and his name is Laban, and Laban runneth unto the man who is without, unto the fountain; And Rebekah had a brother, and his name was Laban: and Laban ran out to the man, to the well.
Genesis 24:30 And it came to pass, when he saw the earring and bracelets upon his sister's hands, and when he heard the words of Rebekah his sister, saying, Thus spake the man unto me; that he came unto the man; and, behold, he stood by the camels at the well. And it came to pass, when he saw the ring, and the bracelets upon his sister's hands, and when he heard the words of Rebekah his sister, saying, Thus spake the man unto me. That he came unto the man. And, behold, he was standing by the camels at the fountain. And when he had seen the earrings and bracelets in his sister's hands, and had heard all that she related, saying: Thus and thus the man spoke to me: he came to the man who stood by the camels, and near to the spring of water,  And it came to pass when he saw the ring and the bracelets on his sister's hand, and when he heard the words of Rebecca his sister, saying, Thus spoke the man to me that he came to the man, and behold, he was standing by the camels, by the well. And it came to pass, when he saw the ring, and the bracelets upon his sister's hands, and when he heard the words of Rebekah his sister, saying, Thus spake the man unto me; that he came unto the man; and, behold, he stood by the camels at the fountain. And it came to pass when he saw the ear-ring and bracelets upon his sister's hands, and when he heard the words of Rebekah his sister, saying, Thus spoke the man to me; that he came to the man; and behold, he stood by the camels at the well.It happened, when he saw the ring, and the bracelets on his sister's hands, and when he heard the words of Rebekah his sister, saying, "This is what the man said to me," that he came to the man. Behold, he was standing by the camels at the spring.yea, it cometh to pass, when he seeth the ring, and the bracelets on the hands of his sister, and when he heareth the words of Rebekah his sister, saying, 'Thus hath the man spoken unto me,' that he cometh in unto the man, and lo, he is standing by the camels by the fountain. And it came to pass, when he saw the earring and bracelets on his sister's hands, and when he heard the words of Rebekah his sister, saying, Thus spoke the man to me; that he came to the man; and, behold, he stood by the camels at the well.
Genesis 24:31 And he said, Come in, thou blessed of the LORD; wherefore standest thou without? for I have prepared the house, and room for the camels. And he said, Come in, thou blessed of Jehovah. Wherefore standest thou without? For I have prepared the house, and room for the camels. And said to him: Come in, thou blessed of the Lord: why standest thou without? I have prepared the house, and a place for the camels. And he said, Come in, blessed of Jehovah! why standest thou outside? for I have prepared the house, and room for the camels. And he said, Come in, thou blessed of the LORD; wherefore standest thou without? for I have prepared the house, and room for the camels. And he said, Come in, thou blessed of the LORD; why standest thou without? for I have prepared the house, and room for the camels.He said, "Come in, you blessed of Yahweh. Why do you stand outside? For I have prepared the house, and room for the camels." And he saith, 'Come in, O blessed one of Jehovah, why standest thou without, and I &#8212; I have prepared the house and place for the camels!' And he said, Come in, you blessed of the LORD; why stand you without? for I have prepared the house, and room for the camels.
Genesis 24:32 And the man came into the house: and he ungirded his camels, and gave straw and provender for the camels, and water to wash his feet, and the men's feet that were with him. And the man came into the house, and he ungirded the camels. And he gave straw and provender for the camels, and water to wash his feet and the feet of the men that were with him. And he brought him in into his lodging: and he unharnessed the camels and gave straw and hay, and water to wash his feet, and the feet of the men that were come with him. And the man came into the house; and he ungirded the camels, and gave the camels straw and provender, and water to wash his feet, and the feet of the men who were with him. And the man came into the house, and he ungirded the camels; and he gave straw and provender for the camels, and water to wash his feet and the men's feet that were with him. And the man came into the house: and he ungirded his camels, and gave straw and provender for the camels, and water to wash his feet, and the men's feet that were with him. The man came into the house, and he unloaded the camels. He gave straw and provender for the camels, and water to wash his feet and the feet of the men who were with him. And he bringeth in the man into the house, and looseth the camels, and giveth straw and provender for the camels, and water to wash his feet, and the feet of the men who are with him: And the man came into the house: and he ungirded his camels, and gave straw and provender for the camels, and water to wash his feet, and the men's feet that were with him.
Genesis 24:33 And there was set meat before him to eat: but he said, I will not eat, until I have told mine errand. And he said, Speak on. And there was set food before him to eat. But he said, I will not eat, until I have told mine errand. And he said, Speak on. And bread was set before him. But he said: I will not eat, till I tell my message. He answered him: Speak. And there was set meat before him to eat; but he said, I will not eat until I have made known my business. And he said, Speak on. And there was set meat before him to eat: but he said, I will not eat, until I have told mine errand. And he said, Speak on. And there was set food before him to eat: but he said, I will not eat, until I have told my errand. And he said, Speak on.Food was set before him to eat, but he said, "I will not eat until I have told my message." He said, "Speak on." and setteth before him to eat; but he saith, 'I do not eat till I have spoken my word;' and he saith, 'Speak.' And there was set meat before him to eat: but he said, I will not eat, until I have told my errand. And he said, Speak on.
Genesis 24:34 And he said, I am Abraham's servant. And he said, I am Abraham's servant. And he said: I am the servant of Abraham:  And he said, I am Abraham's servant. And he said, I am Abraham's servant. And he said, I am Abraham's servant.He said, "I am Abraham's servant. And he saith, 'I am Abraham's servant; And he said, I am Abraham's servant.
Genesis 24:35 And the LORD hath blessed my master greatly; and he is become great: and he hath given him flocks, and herds, and silver, and gold, and menservants, and maidservants, and camels, and asses. And Jehovah hath blessed my master greatly. And he is become great. And he hath given him flocks and herds, and silver and gold, and men-servants and maid-servants, and camels and asses. And the Lord hath blessed my master wonderfully, and he is become great: and he hath given him sheep and oxen, silver and gold, menservants and womenservants, camels and asses. And Jehovah has blessed my master greatly, and he is become great; and he has given him sheep and cattle, and silver and gold, and bondmen and bondwomen, and camels and asses. And the LORD hath blessed my master greatly; and he is become great: and he hath given him flocks and herds, and silver and gold, and menservants and maidservants, and camels and asses. And the LORD hath blessed my master greatly, and he is become great: and he hath given him flocks, and herds, and silver, and gold, and men-servants, and maid-servants, and camels, and asses.Yahweh has blessed my master greatly. He has become great. He has given him flocks and herds, silver and gold, male servants and female servants, and camels and donkeys. And Jehovah hath blessed my lord exceedingly, and he is great; and He giveth to him flock, and herd, and silver, and gold, and men-servants, and maid-servants, and camels, and asses; And the LORD has blessed my master greatly; and he is become great: and he has given him flocks, and herds, and silver, and gold, and menservants, and maidservants, and camels, and asses.
Genesis 24:36 And Sarah my master's wife bare a son to my master when she was old: and unto him hath he given all that he hath. And Sarah my master's wife bare a son to my master when she was old. And unto him hath he given all that he hath. And Sara my master's wife hath borne my master a son in her old age, and he hath given him all that he had. And Sarah, my master's wife, bore a son to my master after she had grown old; and unto him has he given all that he has. And Sarah my master's wife bare a son to my master when she was old: and unto him hath he given all that he hath. And Sarah, my master's wife, bore a son to my master when she was old: and to him hath he given all that he hath. Sarah, my master's wife, bore a son to my master when she was old. He has given all that he has to him. And Sarah, my lord's wife, beareth a son to my lord, after she hath been aged, and he giveth to him all that he hath. And Sarah my master's wife bore a son to my master when she was old: and to him has he given all that he has.
Genesis 24:37 And my master made me swear, saying, Thou shalt not take a wife to my son of the daughters of the Canaanites, in whose land I dwell: And my master made me swear, saying, Thou shalt not take a wife for my son of the daughters of the Canaanites, in whose land I dwell. And my master made me swear, saying: Thou shalt not take a wife for my son of the Chanaanites, in whose land I dwell:  And my master made me swear, saying, Thou shalt not take a wife for my son of the daughters of the Canaanite, in whose land I am dwelling; And my master made me swear, saying, Thou shalt not take a wife for my son of the daughters of the Canaanites, in whose land I dwell: And my master made me swear, saying, Thou shalt not take a wife for my son of the daughters of the Canaanites, in whose land I dwell: My master made me swear, saying, 'You shall not take a wife for my son of the daughters of the Canaanites, in whose land I live, 'And my lord causeth me to swear, saying, Thou dost not take a wife to my son from the daughters of the Canaanite, in whose land I am dwelling. And my master made me swear, saying, You shall not take a wife to my son of the daughters of the Canaanites, in whose land I dwell: 
Genesis 24:38 But thou shalt go unto my father's house, and to my kindred, and take a wife unto my son.But thou shalt go unto my father's house, and to my kindred, and take a wife for my son.But thou shalt go to my father's house, and shalt take a wife of my own kindred for my son:  but thou shalt by all means go to my father's house and to my family, and take a wife for my son.but thou shalt go unto my father's house, and to my kindred, and take a wife for my son.But thou shalt go to my father's house, and to my kindred, and take a wife for my son.but you shall go to my father's house, and to my relatives, and take a wife for my son.' If not &#8212; unto the house of my father thou dost go, and unto my family, and thou hast taken a wife for my son.But you shall go to my father's house, and to my kindred, and take a wife to my son.
Genesis 24:39 And I said unto my master, Peradventure the woman will not follow me. And I said unto my master, Peradventure the woman will not follow me.But I answered my master: What if the woman will not come with me?  And I said to my master, Perhaps the woman will not follow me? And I said unto my master, Peradventure the woman will not follow me. And I said to my master, It may be the woman will not follow me.I asked my master, 'What if the woman will not follow me?' 'And I say unto my lord, It may be the woman doth not come after me; And I said to my master, Peradventure the woman will not follow me.
Genesis 24:40 And he said unto me, The LORD, before whom I walk, will send his angel with thee, and prosper thy way; and thou shalt take a wife for my son of my kindred, and of my father's house: And he said unto me, Jehovah, before whom I walk, will send his angel with thee, and prosper thy way. And thou shalt take a wife for my son of my kindred, and of my father's house. The Lord, said he, in whose sight I walk, will send his angel with thee, and will direct thy way: and thou shalt take a wife for my son of my own kindred, and of my father's house. And he said to me, Jehovah, before whom I have walked, will send his angel with thee, and prosper thy way, that thou mayest take a wife for my son of my family, and out of my father's house. And he said unto me, The LORD, before whom I walk, will send his angel with thee, and prosper thy way; and thou shalt take a wife for my son of my kindred, and of my father's house: And he said to me, The LORD, before whom I walk, will send his angel with thee, and prosper thy way; and thou shalt take a wife for my son of my kindred, and of my father's house.He said to me, 'Yahweh, before whom I walk, will send his angel with you, and prosper your way. You shall take a wife for my son of my relatives, and of my father's house. And he saith unto me, Jehovah, before whom I have walked habitually, doth send His messenger with thee, and hath prospered thy way, and thou hast taken a wife for my son from my family, and from the house of my father; And he said to me, The LORD, before whom I walk, will send his angel with you, and prosper your way; and you shall take a wife for my son of my kindred, and of my father's house: 
Genesis 24:41 Then shalt thou be clear from this my oath, when thou comest to my kindred; and if they give not thee one, thou shalt be clear from my oath. Then shalt thou be clear from my oath, when thou comest to my kindred. And if they give her not to thee, thou shalt be clear from my oath.But thou shalt be clear from my curse, when thou shalt come to my kindred, if they will not give thee one. Then shalt thou be quit of my oath, when thou shalt have come to my family. And if they give thee not one, thou shalt be quit of my oath. Then shalt thou be clear from my oath, when thou comest to my kindred; and if they give her not to thee, thou shalt be clear from my oath. Then shalt thou be clear from this my oath, when thou comest to my kindred; and if they give not thee one, thou shalt be clear from my oath. Then will you be clear from my oath, when you come to my relatives. If they don't give her to you, you shall be clear from my oath.' then art thou acquitted from my oath, when thou comest unto my family, and if they give not one to thee; then thou hast been acquitted from my oath. Then shall you be clear from this my oath, when you come to my kindred; and if they give not you one, you shall be clear from my oath.
Genesis 24:42 And I came this day unto the well, and said, O LORD God of my master Abraham, if now thou do prosper my way which I go: And I came this day unto the fountain, and said, O Jehovah, the God of my master Abraham, if now thou do prosper my way which I go. And I came to day to the well of water, and said: O Lord God of my master Abraham, if thou hast prospered my way, wherein I now walk,  And I came this day to the well, and said, Jehovah, God of my master Abraham, if now thou wilt prosper my way on which I go, And I came this day unto the fountain, and said, O LORD, the God of my master Abraham, if now thou do prosper my way which I go: And I came this day to the well, and said, O LORD God of my master Abraham, if now thou dost prosper my way which I go: I came this day to the spring, and said, 'Yahweh, the God of my master Abraham, if now you do prosper my way which I go&#8212; And I come to-day unto the fountain, and I say, Jehovah, God of my lord Abraham, if Thou art, I pray Thee, making prosperous my way in which I am going &#8212;  And I came this day to the well, and said, O LORD God of my master Abraham, if now you do prosper my way which I go: 
Genesis 24:43 Behold, I stand by the well of water; and it shall come to pass, that when the virgin cometh forth to draw water, and I say to her, Give me, I pray thee, a little water of thy pitcher to drink; Behold, I am standing by the fountain of water. And let it come to pass, that the maiden that cometh forth to draw, to whom I shall say, Give me, I pray thee, a little water from thy pitcher to drink.Behold I stand by the well of water, and the virgin, that shall come out to draw water, who shall hear me say: Give me a little water to drink of thy pitcher:  behold, I stand by the well of water, and let it come to pass that the damsel who cometh forth to draw water, and to whom I shall say, Give me, I pray thee, a little water out of thy pitcher to drink, behold, I stand by the fountain of water; and let it come to pass, that the maiden which cometh forth to draw, to whom I shall say, Give me, I pray thee, a little water of thy pitcher to drink; Behold, I stand by the well of water; and it shall come to pass, that when the virgin cometh forth to draw water, and I say to her, Give me, I pray thee, a little water of thy pitcher to drink; behold, I am standing by this spring of water. Let it happen, that the maiden who comes forth to draw, to whom I will say, "Please give me a little water from your pitcher to drink," (lo, I am standing by the fountain of water), then the virgin who is coming out to draw, and I have said unto her, Let me drink, I pray thee, a little water from thy pitcher, Behold, I stand by the well of water; and it shall come to pass, that when the virgin comes forth to draw water, and I say to her, Give me, I pray you, a little water of your pitcher to drink; 
Genesis 24:44 And she say to me, Both drink thou, and I will also draw for thy camels: let the same be the woman whom the LORD hath appointed out for my master's son. And she shall say to me, Both drink thou, and I will also draw for thy camels. Let the same be the woman whom Jehovah hath appointed for my master's son. And shall say to me: Both drink thou, and I will also draw for thy camels: let the same be the woman, whom the Lord hath prepared for my master's son. and she shall say to me, Both drink thou, and I will also draw for thy camels that she should be the woman whom Jehovah hath appointed for my master's son. And she shall say to me, Both drink thou, and I will also draw for thy camels: let the same be the woman whom the LORD hath appointed for my master's son. And she saith to me, Both drink thou, and I will also draw for thy camels: let the same be the woman whom the LORD hath pointed out for my master's son. And she will tell me, "Drink, and I will also draw for your camels,"&#8212;let her be the woman whom Yahweh has appointed for my master's son.' and she hath said unto me, Both drink thou, and also for thy camels I draw &#8212; she is the woman whom Jehovah hath decided for my lord's son. And she say to me, Both drink you, and I will also draw for your camels: let the same be the woman whom the LORD has appointed out for my master's son.
Genesis 24:45 And before I had done speaking in mine heart, behold, Rebekah came forth with her pitcher on her shoulder; and she went down unto the well, and drew water: and I said unto her, Let me drink, I pray thee. And before I had done speaking in my heart, behold, Rebekah came forth with her pitcher on her shoulder. And she went down unto the fountain, and drew. And I said unto her, Let me drink, I pray thee. And whilst I pondered these things secretly with myself, Rebecca appeared coming with a pitcher, which she carried on her shoulder: and she went down to the well and drew water. And I said to her: Give me a little to drink. Before I ended speaking in my heart, behold, Rebecca came forth with her pitcher on her shoulder, and went down to the well, and drew water; and I said to her, Give me, I pray thee, to drink. And before I had done speaking in mine heart, behold, Rebekah came forth with her pitcher on her shoulder; and she went down unto the fountain, and drew: and I said unto her, Let me drink, I pray thee. And before I had done speaking in my heart, behold, Rebekah came forth with her pitcher on her shoulder; and she went down to the well, and drew water: and I said to her, Let me drink, I pray thee.Before I had finished speaking in my heart, behold, Rebekah came forth with her pitcher on her shoulder. She went down to the spring, and drew. I said to her, 'Please let me drink.' 'Before I finish speaking unto my heart, then lo, Rebekah is coming out, and her pitcher on her shoulder, and she goeth down to the fountain, and draweth; and I say unto her, Let me drink, I pray thee, And before I had done speaking in my heart, behold, Rebekah came forth with her pitcher on her shoulder; and she went down to the well, and drew water: and I said to her, Let me drink, I pray you.
Genesis 24:46 And she made haste, and let down her pitcher from her shoulder, and said, Drink, and I will give thy camels drink also: so I drank, and she made the camels drink also. And she made haste, and let down her pitcher from her shoulder, and said, Drink, and I will give thy camels drink also. So I drank, and she made the camels drink also. And she speedily let down the pitcher from her shoulder, and said to me: Both drink thou, and to thy camels I will give drink. I drank, and she watered the camels. And she hasted and let down her pitcher from her shoulder, and said, Drink, and I will give thy camels drink also. And I drank; and she gave the camels drink also. And she made haste, and let down her pitcher from her shoulder, and said, Drink, and I will give thy camels drink also: so I drank, and she made the camels drink also. And she made haste, and let down her pitcher from her shoulder, and said, Drink, and I will give thy camels drink also: so I drank, and she made the camels drink also. She hurried and let down her pitcher from her shoulder, and said, 'Drink, and I will also give your camels a drink.' So I drank, and she also gave the camels a drink. And she hasteth and letteth down her pitcher from off her and saith, Drink, and thy camels also I water; and I drink, and the camels also she hath watered. And she made haste, and let down her pitcher from her shoulder, and said, Drink, and I will give your camels drink also: so I drank, and she made the camels drink also.
Genesis 24:47 And I asked her, and said, Whose daughter art thou? And she said, The daughter of Bethuel, Nahor's son, whom Milcah bare unto him: and I put the earring upon her face, and the bracelets upon her hands. And I asked her, and said, Whose daughter art thou? And she said, The daughter of Bethuel, Nahor's son, whom Milcah bare unto him. And I put the ring upon her nose, and the bracelets upon her hands. And I asked her, and said: Whose daughter art thou? And she answered: I am the daughter of Bathuel, the son of Nachor, whom Melcha bore to him. So I put earrings on her to adorn her face, and I put bracelets on her hands. And I asked her, and said, Whose daughter art thou? And she said, The daughter of Bethuel, Nahor's son, whom Milcah bore to him. And I put the ring on her nose, and the bracelets on her hands. And I asked her, and said, Whose daughter art thou? And she said, The daughter of Bethuel, Nahor's son, whom Milcah bare unto him: and I put the ring upon her nose, and the bracelets upon her hands. And I asked her, and said, Whose daughter art thou? And she said, The daughter of Bethuel, Nahor's son, whom Milcah bore to him: and I put the ear-ring upon her face, and the bracelets upon her hands.I asked her, and said, 'Whose daughter are you?' She said, 'The daughter of Bethuel, Nahor's son, whom Milcah bore to him.' I put the ring on her nose, and the bracelets on her hands. And I ask her, and say, Whose daughter art thou? and she saith, Daughter of Bethuel, son of Nahor, whom Milcah hath borne to him, and I put the ring on her nose, and the bracelets on her hands, And I asked her, and said, Whose daughter are you? And she said, the daughter of Bethuel, Nahor's son, whom Milcah bore to him: and I put the earring on her face, and the bracelets on her hands.
Genesis 24:48 And I bowed down my head, and worshipped the LORD, and blessed the LORD God of my master Abraham, which had led me in the right way to take my master's brother's daughter unto his son. And I bowed my head, and worshipped Jehovah, and blessed Jehovah, the God of my master Abraham, who had led me in the right way to take my master's brother's daughter for his son. And falling down I adored the Lord, blessing the Lord God of my master Abraham, who hath brought me the straight way to take the daughter of my master's brother for his son. And I stooped, and bowed down before Jehovah; and I blessed Jehovah, God of my master Abraham, who has led me the right way to take my master's brother's daughter for his son. And I bowed my head, and worshipped the LORD, and blessed the LORD, the God of my master Abraham, which had led me in the right way to take my master's brother's daughter for his son. And I bowed my head, and worshipped the LORD, and blessed the LORD God of my master Abraham, who had led me in the right way to take my master's brother's daughter for his son.I bowed my head, and worshiped Yahweh, and blessed Yahweh, the God of my master Abraham, who had led me in the right way to take my master's brother's daughter for his son. And I bow, and do obeisance before Jehovah, and I bless Jehovah, God of my lord Abraham, who hath led me in the true way to receive the daughter of my lord's brother for his son. And I bowed down my head, and worshipped the LORD, and blessed the LORD God of my master Abraham, which had led me in the right way to take my master's brother's daughter to his son.
Genesis 24:49 And now if ye will deal kindly and truly with my master, tell me: and if not, tell me; that I may turn to the right hand, or to the left. And now if ye will deal kindly and truly with my master, tell me. And if not, tell me. That I may turn to the right hand, or to the left.Wherefore if you do according to mercy and truth with my master, tell me: but if it please you otherwise, tell me that also, that I may go to the right hand, or to the left. And now, if ye will deal kindly and truly with my master, tell me; and if not, tell me; and I will turn to the right hand or to the left. And now if ye will deal kindly and truly with my master, tell me: and if not, tell me; that I may turn to the right hand, or to the left. And now if you will deal kindly and truly with my master, tell me; and if not, tell me; that I may turn to the right hand, or to the left.Now if you will deal kindly and truly with my master, tell me. If not, tell me, that I may turn to the right hand, or to the left." 'And now, if ye are dealing kindly and truly with my lord, declare to me; and if not, declare to me; and I turn unto the right or unto the left.' And now if you will deal kindly and truly with my master, tell me: and if not, tell me; that I may turn to the right hand, or to the left.
Genesis 24:50 Then Laban and Bethuel answered and said, The thing proceedeth from the LORD: we cannot speak unto thee bad or good. Then Laban and Bethuel answered and said, The thing proceedeth from Jehovah. We cannot speak unto thee bad or good. And Laban and Bathuel answered: The word hath proceeded from the Lord, we cannot speak any other thing to thee but his pleasure. And Laban and Bethuel answered and said, The thing proceeds from Jehovah: we cannot speak to thee bad or good. Then Laban and Bethuel answered and said, The thing proceedeth from the LORD: we cannot speak unto thee bad or good. Then Laban and Bethuel answered, and said, The thing proceedeth from the LORD: we cannot speak to thee bad or good. Then Laban and Bethuel answered, "The thing proceeds from Yahweh. We can't speak to you bad or good. And Laban answereth &#8212; Bethuel also &#8212; and they say, 'The thing hath gone out from Jehovah; we are not able to speak unto thee bad or good; Then Laban and Bethuel answered and said, The thing proceeds from the LORD: we cannot speak to you bad or good.
Genesis 24:51 Behold, Rebekah is before thee, take her, and go, and let her be thy master's son's wife, as the LORD hath spoken.Behold, Rebekah is before thee, take her, and go, and let her be thy master's son's wife, as Jehovah hath spoken.Behold Rebecca is before thee, take her and go thy way, and let her be the wife of thy master's son, as the Lord hath spoken. Behold, Rebecca is before thee: take her, and go away; and let her be wife of thy master's son, as Jehovah has said.Behold, Rebekah is before thee, take her, and go, and let her be thy master's son's wife, as the LORD hath spoken.Behold, Rebekah is before thee, take her, and go, and let her be thy master's son's wife, as the LORD hath spoken.Behold, Rebekah is before you. Take her, and go, and let her be your master's son's wife, as Yahweh has spoken." lo, Rebekah is before thee, take and go, and she is a wife to thy lord's son, as Jehovah hath spoken.' Behold, Rebekah is before you, take her, and go, and let her be your master's son's wife, as the LORD has spoken.
Genesis 24:52 And it came to pass, that, when Abraham's servant heard their words, he worshipped the LORD, bowing himself to the earth. And it came to pass, that, when Abraham's servant heard their words, he bowed himself down to the earth unto Jehovah.WHich when Abraham's servant heard, falling down to the ground he adored the Lord. And it came to pass, when Abraham's servant heard their words, that he bowed down to the earth before Jehovah. And it came to pass, that, when Abraham's servant heard their words, he bowed himself down to the earth unto the LORD. And it came to pass, that when Abraham's servant heard their words, he worshipped the LORD, bowing himself to the earth.It happened that when Abraham's servant heard their words, he bowed himself down to the earth to Yahweh. And it cometh to pass, when the servant of Abraham hath heard their words, that he boweth himself towards the earth before Jehovah; And it came to pass, that, when Abraham's servant heard their words, he worshipped the LORD, bowing himself to the earth.
Genesis 24:53 And the servant brought forth jewels of silver, and jewels of gold, and raiment, and gave them to Rebekah: he gave also to her brother and to her mother precious things. And the servant brought forth jewels of silver, and jewels of gold, and raiment, and gave them to Rebekah. He gave also to her brother and to her mother precious things. And bringing forth vessels of silver and gold, and garments, he gave them to Rebecca for a present. He offered gifts also to her brothers, and to her mother. And the servant brought forth silver articles, and gold articles, and clothing, and he gave them to Rebecca; and he gave to her brother, and to her mother, precious things. And the servant brought forth jewels of silver, and jewels of gold, and raiment, and gave them to Rebekah: he gave also to her brother and to her mother precious things. And the servant brought forth jewels of silver, and jewels of gold, and raiment, and gave them to Rebekah: He gave also to her brother and to her mother precious things. The servant brought forth jewels of silver, and jewels of gold, and clothing, and gave them to Rebekah. He also gave precious things to her brother and her mother. And the servant taketh out vessels of silver, and vessels of gold, and garments, and giveth to Rebekah; precious things also he hath given to her brother and to her mother. And the servant brought forth jewels of silver, and jewels of gold, and raiment, and gave them to Rebekah: he gave also to her brother and to her mother precious things.
Genesis 24:54 And they did eat and drink, he and the men that were with him, and tarried all night; and they rose up in the morning, and he said, Send me away unto my master. And they did eat and drink, he and the men that were with him, and tarried all night. And they rose up in the morning, and he said, Send me away unto my master. And a banquet was made, and they ate and drank together, and lodged there. And in the morning, the servant arose, and said: Let me depart, that I may go to my master. And they ate and drank, he and the men that were with him, and lodged. And they rose up in the morning; and he said, Send me away to my master. And they did eat and drink, he and the men that were with him, and tarried all night; and they rose up in the morning, and he said, Send me away unto my master. And they ate and drank, he and the men that were with him, and tarried all night; and they rose in the morning, and he said, Send me away to my master. They ate and drank, he and the men who were with him, and stayed all night. They rose up in the morning, and he said, "Send me away to my master." And they eat and drink, he and the men who are with him, and lodge all night; and they rise in the morning, and he saith, 'Send me to my lord;' And they did eat and drink, he and the men that were with him, and tarried all night; and they rose up in the morning, and he said, Send me away to my master.
Genesis 24:55 And her brother and her mother said, Let the damsel abide with us a few days, at the least ten; after that she shall go. And her brother and her mother said, Let the damsel abide with us a few days, at the least ten. After that she shall go. And her brother and mother answered: Let the maid stay at least ten days with us, and afterwards she shall depart. And her brother and her mother said, Let the maiden abide with us some days, or say ten; after that she shall go. And her brother and her mother said, Let the damsel abide with us a few days, at the least ten; after that she shall go. And her brother and her mother said, Let the damsel abide with us a few days, at the least ten; after that she shall go.Her brother and her mother said, "Let the young lady stay with us a few days, at least ten. After that she will go." and her brother saith &#8212; her mother also &#8212; 'Let the young person abide with us a week or ten days, afterwards doth she go.' And her brother and her mother said, Let the damsel abide with us a few days, at the least ten; after that she shall go.
Genesis 24:56 And he said unto them, Hinder me not, seeing the LORD hath prospered my way; send me away that I may go to my master. And he said unto them, Hinder me not, seeing Jehovah hath prospered my way. Send me away that I may go to my master. Stay me not, said he, because the Lord hath prospered my way: send me away, that I may go to my master. And he said to them, Do not hinder me, seeing Jehovah has prospered my way: send me away, and I will go to my master. And he said unto them, Hinder me not, seeing the LORD hath prospered my way; send me away that I may go to my master. And he said to them, Hinder me not, seeing the LORD hath prospered my way: send me away, that I may go to my master.He said to them, "Don't hinder me, since Yahweh has prospered my way. Send me away that I may go to my master." And he saith unto them, 'Do not delay me, seeing Jehovah hath prospered my way; send me away, and I go to my lord;' And he said to them, Hinder me not, seeing the LORD has prospered my way; send me away that I may go to my master.
Genesis 24:57 And they said, We will call the damsel, and inquire at her mouth. And they said, We will call the damsel, and inquire at her mouth. And they said: Let us call the maid, and ask her will. And they said, Let us call the maiden and inquire at her mouth. And they said, We will call the damsel, and inquire at her mouth. And they said, We will call the damsel, and inquire at her mouth. They said, "We will call the young lady, and ask her." and they say, 'Let us call for the young person, and ask at her mouth;' And they said, We will call the damsel, and inquire at her mouth.
Genesis 24:58 And they called Rebekah, and said unto her, Wilt thou go with this man? And she said, I will go. And they called Rebekah, and said unto her, Wilt thou go with this man? And she said, I will go. And they called her, and when she was come, they asked: Wilt thou go with this man? She said: I will go. And they called Rebecca and said to her, Wilt thou go with this man? And she said, I will go. And they called Rebekah, and said unto her, Wilt thou go with this man? And she said, I will go. And they called Rebekah, and said to her, Wilt thou go with this man? And she said, I will go. They called Rebekah, and said to her, "Will you go with this man?" She said, "I will go." and they call for Rebekah, and say unto her, 'Dost thou go with this man?' and she saith, 'I go.' And they called Rebekah, and said to her, Will you go with this man? And she said, I will go.
Genesis 24:59 And they sent away Rebekah their sister, and her nurse, and Abraham's servant, and his men. And they sent away Rebekah their sister, and her nurse, and Abraham's servant, and his men. So they sent her away, and her nurse, and Abraham's servant, and his company,  And they sent away Rebecca their sister, and her nurse, and Abraham's servant, and his men. And they sent away Rebekah their sister, and her nurse, and Abraham's servant, and his men. And they sent away Rebekah their sister, and her nurse, and Abraham's servant, and his men. They sent away Rebekah, their sister, with her nurse, Abraham's servant, and his men. And they send away Rebekah their sister, and her nurse, and Abraham's servant, and his men; And they sent away Rebekah their sister, and her nurse, and Abraham's servant, and his men.
Genesis 24:60 And they blessed Rebekah, and said unto her, Thou art our sister, be thou the mother of thousands of millions, and let thy seed possess the gate of those which hate them. And they blessed Rebekah, and said unto her, Our sister, be thou the mother of thousands of ten thousands, and let thy seed possess the gate of those that hate them.Wishing prosperity to their sister, and saying: Thou art our sister, mayst thou increase to thousands of thousands, and may thy seed possess the gates of their enemies. And they blessed Rebecca, and said to her, Thou art our sister; mayest thou become thousands of tens of thousands; and may thy seed possess the gate of their enemies! And they blessed Rebekah, and said unto her, Our sister, be thou the mother of thousands of ten thousands, and let thy seed possess the gate of those which hate them. And they blessed Rebekah, and said to her, Thou art our sister, be thou the mother of thousands of millions, and let thy seed possess the gate of those who hate them. They blessed Rebekah, and said to her, "Our sister, may you be the mother of thousands of ten thousands, and let your seed possess the gate of those who hate them." and they bless Rebekah, and say to her, 'Thou art our sister; become thou thousands of myriads, and thy seed doth possess the gate of those hating it.' And they blessed Rebekah, and said to her, You are our sister, be you the mother of thousands of millions, and let your seed possess the gate of those which hate them.
Genesis 24:61 And Rebekah arose, and her damsels, and they rode upon the camels, and followed the man: and the servant took Rebekah, and went his way. And Rebekah arose, and her damsels, and they rode upon the camels, and followed the man. And the servant took Rebekah, and went his way. So Rebecca and her maids, being set upon camels, followed the man: who with speed returned to his master. And Rebecca arose, and her maids, and they rode upon the camels, and followed the man. And the servant took Rebecca, and went away. And Rebekah arose, and her damsels, and they rode upon the camels, and followed the man: and the servant took Rebekah, and went his way. And Rebekah arose, and her damsels, and they rode upon the camels, and followed the man: and the servant took Rebekah, and went his way.Rebekah arose with her ladies. They rode on the camels, and followed the man. The servant took Rebekah, and went his way. And Rebekah and her young women arise, and ride on the camels, and go after the man; and the servant taketh Rebekah and goeth. And Rebekah arose, and her damsels, and they rode on the camels, and followed the man: and the servant took Rebekah, and went his way.
Genesis 24:62 And Isaac came from the way of the well Lahairoi; for he dwelt in the south country. And Isaac came from the way of Beer-lahai-roi. For he dwelt in the land of the South. At the same time Isaac was walking along the way to the well which is called Of the living and the seeing: for he dwelt in the south country. And Isaac had just returned from Beer-lahai-roi; for he was dwelling in the south country. And Isaac came from the way of Beer-lahai-roi; for he dwelt in the land of the South. And Isaac came from the way of the well Lahai-roi; for he dwelt in the south country.Isaac came from the way of Beer Lahai Roi, for he lived in the land of the South. And Isaac hath come in from the entrance of the Well of the Living One, my Beholder; and he is dwelling in the land of the south, And Isaac came from the way of the well Lahairoi; for he dwelled in the south country.
Genesis 24:63 And Isaac went out to meditate in the field at the eventide: and he lifted up his eyes, and saw, and, behold, the camels were coming. And Isaac went out to meditate in the field at the eventide. And he lifted up his eyes, and saw, and, behold, there were camels coming. And he was gone forth to meditate in the field, the day being now well spent: and when he had lifted up his eyes, he saw camels coming afar off. And Isaac had gone out to meditate in the fields toward the beginning of evening. And he lifted up his eyes and saw, and behold, camels were coming. And Isaac went out to meditate in the field at the eventide: and he lifted up his eyes, and saw, and, behold, there were camels coming. And Isaac went out to meditate in the field at evening: and he lifted up his eyes, and saw, and behold, the camels were coming.Isaac went out to meditate in the field at the evening. He lifted up his eyes, and saw, and, behold, there were camels coming. And Isaac goeth out to meditate in the field, at the turning of the evening, and he lifteth up his eyes, and looketh, and lo, camels are coming. And Isaac went out to meditate in the field at the eventide: and he lifted up his eyes, and saw, and, behold, the camels were coming.
Genesis 24:64 And Rebekah lifted up her eyes, and when she saw Isaac, she lighted off the camel. And Rebekah lifted up her eyes, and when she saw Isaac, she alighted from the camel.Rebecca also, when she saw Isaac, lighted off the camel,  And Rebecca lifted up her eyes and saw Isaac, and she sprang off the camel. And Rebekah lifted up her eyes, and when she saw Isaac, she lighted off the camel. And Rebekah lifted up her eyes, and when she saw Isaac, she alighted from the camel.Rebekah lifted up her eyes, and when she saw Isaac, she dismounted from the camel. And Rebekah lifteth up her eyes, and seeth Isaac, and alighteth from off the camel; And Rebekah lifted up her eyes, and when she saw Isaac, she lighted off the camel.
Genesis 24:65 For she had said unto the servant, What man is this that walketh in the field to meet us? And the servant had said, It is my master: therefore she took a vail, and covered herself. And she said unto the servant, What man is this that walketh in the field to meet us? And the servant said, It is my master. And she took her veil, and covered herself. And said to the servant: Who is that man who cometh towards us along the field? And he said to her: That man is my master. But she quickly took her cloak, and covered herself. And she had said to the servant, Who is the man that is walking in the fields to meet us? And the servant said, That is my master! Then she took the veil, and covered herself. And she said unto the servant, What man is this that walketh in the field to meet us? And the servant said, It is my master: and she took her veil, and covered herself.For she had said to the servant, What man is this that walketh in the field to meet us? And the servant had said, It is my master: therefore she took a vail and covered herself. She said to the servant, "Who is the man who is walking in the field to meet us?" The servant said, "It is my master." She took her veil, and covered herself. And she saith unto the servant, 'Who is this man who is walking in the field to meet us?' and the servant saith, 'It is my lord;' and she taketh the veil, and covereth herself.For she had said to the servant, What man is this that walks in the field to meet us? And the servant had said, It is my master: therefore she took a veil, and covered herself.
Genesis 24:66 And the servant told Isaac all things that he had done. And the servant told Isaac all the things that he had done. And the servant told Isaac all that he had done. And the servant told Isaac all things that he had done. And the servant told Isaac all the things that he had done. And the servant told Isaac all things that he had done. The servant told Isaac all the things that he had done. And the servant recounteth to Isaac all the things that he hath done, And the servant told Isaac all things that he had done.
Genesis 24:67 And Isaac brought her into his mother Sarah's tent, and took Rebekah, and she became his wife; and he loved her: and Isaac was comforted after his mother's death. And Isaac brought her into his mother Sarah's tent, and took Rebekah, and she became his wife. And he loved her. And Isaac was comforted after his mother's death.Who brought her into the tent of Sara his mother, and took her to wife: and he loved her so much, that it moderated the sorrow which was occasioned by his mother's death. And Isaac led her into his mother Sarah's tent; and he took Rebecca, and she became his wife, and he loved her. And Isaac was comforted after the death of his mother. And Isaac brought her into his mother Sarah's tent, and took Rebekah, and she became his wife; and he loved her: and Isaac was comforted after his mother's death. And Isaac brought her into his mother Sarah's tent, and took Rebekah, and she became his wife; and he loved her: and Isaac was comforted after his mother's death.Isaac brought her into his mother Sarah's tent, and took Rebekah, and she became his wife. He loved her. Isaac was comforted after his mother's death. And Isaac bringeth her in unto the tent of Sarah his mother, and he taketh Rebekah, and she becometh his wife, and he loveth her, and Isaac is comforted after the death of his mother. And Isaac brought her into his mother Sarah's tent, and took Rebekah, and she became his wife; and he loved her: and Isaac was comforted after his mother's death.
Genesis 25:1 Then again Abraham took a wife, and her name was Keturah. And Abraham took another wife, and her name was Keturah. And Abraham married another wife, named Cetura:  And Abraham took another wife named Keturah. And Abraham took another wife, and her name was Keturah. Then again Abraham took a wife, and her name was Keturah. Abraham took another wife, and her name was Keturah. And Abraham addeth and taketh a wife, and her name is Keturah; Then again Abraham took a wife, and her name was Keturah.
Genesis 25:2 And she bare him Zimran, and Jokshan, and Medan, and Midian, and Ishbak, and Shuah. And she bare him Zimran, and Jokshan, and Medan, and Midian, and Ishbak, and Shuah.Who bore to him Zamran, and Jecsan, and Madan, and Madian, and Jesboc, and Sue. And she bore him Zimran, and Jokshan, and Medan, and Midian, and Ishbak, and Shuah. And she bare him Zimran, and Jokshan, and Medan, and Midian, and Ishbak, and Shuah. And she bore him Zimran, and Jokshan, and Medan, and Midian, and Ishbak, and Shuah. She bore him Zimran, Jokshan, Medan, Midian, Ishbak, and Shuah. And she beareth to him Zimran, and Jokshan, and Medan, and Midian, and Ishbak, and Shuah. And she bore him Zimran, and Jokshan, and Medan, and Midian, and Ishbak, and Shuah.
Genesis 25:3 And Jokshan begat Sheba, and Dedan. And the sons of Dedan were Asshurim, and Letushim, and Leummim. And Jokshan begat Sheba, and Dedan. And the sons of Dedan were Asshurim, and Letushim, and Leummim.Jecsan also begot Saba and Dadan. The children of Dadan were Assurim, and Latusim, and Loomin. And Jokshan begot Sheba and Dedan; and the sons of Dedan were the Asshurim, and the Letushim, and the Leummim. And Jokshan begat Sheba, and Dedan. And the sons of Dedan were Asshurim, and Letushim, and Leummim. And Jokshan begat Sheba, and Dedan. And the sons of Dedan were Asshurim, and Letushim and Leummim.Jokshan became the father of Sheba, and Dedan. The sons of Dedan were Asshurim, Letushim, and Leummim. And Jokshan hath begotten Sheba and Dedan; and the sons of Dedan were Asshurim, and Letushim, and Leummim; And Jokshan begat Sheba, and Dedan. And the sons of Dedan were Asshurim, and Letushim, and Leummim.
Genesis 25:4 And the sons of Midian; Ephah, and Epher, and Hanoch, and Abida, and Eldaah. All these were the children of Keturah. And the sons of Midian: Ephah, and Epher, and Hanoch, and Abida, and Eldaah. All these were the children of Keturah.But of Madian was born Epha, and Opher, and Henoch, and Abida, and Eldaa: all these were the children of Cetura. And the sons of Midian were Ephah, and Epher, and Enoch, and Abida, and Eldaah. All these were sons of Keturah. And the sons of Midian; Ephah, and Epher, and Hanoch, and Abida, and Eldaah. All these were the children of Keturah. And the sons of Midian; Ephah, and Epher, and Hanoch, and Abidah, and Eldaah. All these were the children of Keturah. The sons of Midian: Ephah, Epher, Hanoch, Abida, and Eldaah. All these were the children of Keturah. And the sons of Midian are Ephah, and Epher, and Hanoch, and Abidah, and Eldaah: all these are sons of Keturah. And the sons of Midian; Ephah, and Epher, and Hanoch, and Abidah, and Eldaah. All these were the children of Keturah.
Genesis 25:5 And Abraham gave all that he had unto Isaac. And Abraham gave all that he had unto Isaac. And Abraham gave all his possessions to Isaac. And Abraham gave all that he had to Isaac. And Abraham gave all that he had unto Isaac. And Abraham gave all that he had to Isaac. Abraham gave all that he had to Isaac, And Abraham giveth all that he hath to Isaac; And Abraham gave all that he had to Isaac.
Genesis 25:6 But unto the sons of the concubines, which Abraham had, Abraham gave gifts, and sent them away from Isaac his son, while he yet lived, eastward, unto the east country.But unto the sons of the concubines, that Abraham had, Abraham gave gifts. And he sent them away from Isaac his son, while he yet lived, eastward, unto the east country. And to the children of the concubines he gave gifts, and separated them from Isaac his son, while he yet lived, to the east country. And to the sons of the concubines that Abraham had, Abraham gave gifts, and, while he yet lived, sent them away from Isaac his son, eastward to the east country.But unto the sons of the concubines, which Abraham had, Abraham gave gifts; and he sent them away from Isaac his son, while he yet lived, eastward, unto the east country.But to the sons of the concubines which Abraham had, Abraham gave gifts, and sent them away from Isaac his son (while he yet lived) eastward, to the east country.but to the sons of Abraham's concubines, Abraham gave gifts. He sent them away from Isaac his son, while he yet lived, eastward, to the east country. And to the sons of the concubines whom Abraham hath, Abraham hath given gifts, and sendeth them away from Isaac his son (in his being yet alive) eastward, unto the east country.But to the sons of the concubines, which Abraham had, Abraham gave gifts, and sent them away from Isaac his son, while he yet lived, eastward, to the east country.
Genesis 25:7 And these are the days of the years of Abraham's life which he lived, an hundred threescore and fifteen years. And these are the days of the years of Abraham's life which he lived, a hundred threescore and fifteen years. And the days of Abraham's life were a hundred and seventy-five years. And these are the days of the years of Abraham's life which he lived: a hundred and seventy-five years. And these are the days of the years of Abraham's life which he lived, an hundred threescore and fifteen years. And these are the days of the years of Abraham's life which he lived, a hundred and seventy five years. These are the days of the years of Abraham's life which he lived: one hundred seventy-five years. And these are the days of the years of the life of Abraham, which he lived, a hundred and seventy and five years; And these are the days of the years of Abraham's life which he lived, an hundred three score and fifteen years.
Genesis 25:8 Then Abraham gave up the ghost, and died in a good old age, an old man, and full of years; and was gathered to his people. And Abraham gave up the ghost, and died in a good old age, an old man, and full of years , and was gathered to his people. And decaying he died in a good old age, and having lived a long time, and being full of days: and was gathered to his people. And Abraham expired and died in a good old age, old and full of days; and was gathered to his peoples. And Abraham gave up the ghost, and died in a good old age, an old man, and full of years; and was gathered to his people. Then Abraham expired, and died in a good old age, an old man, and full of years; and was gathered to his people. Abraham gave up the spirit, and died in a good old age, an old man, and full of years, and was gathered to his people. And Abraham expireth, and dieth in a good old age, aged and satisfied, and is gathered unto his people. Then Abraham gave up the ghost, and died in a good old age, an old man, and full of years; and was gathered to his people.
Genesis 25:9 And his sons Isaac and Ishmael buried him in the cave of Machpelah, in the field of Ephron the son of Zohar the Hittite, which is before Mamre; And Isaac and Ishmael his sons buried him in the cave of Machpelah, in the field of Ephron the son of Zohar the Hittite, which is before Mamre. And Isaac and Ismael his sons buried him in the double cave, which was situated in the field of Ephron the son of Seor the Hethite, over against Mambre;  And his sons Isaac and Ishmael buried him in the cave of Machpelah, in the field of Ephron the son of Zohar the Hittite, which was opposite to Mamre &#8212; And Isaac and Ishmael his sons buried him in the cave of Machpelah, in the field of Ephron the son of Zohar the Hittite, which is before Mamre; And his sons Isaac and Ishmael buried him in the cave of Machpelah, in the field of Ephron the son of Zohar the Hittite, which is before Mamre; Isaac and Ishmael, his sons, buried him in the cave of Machpelah, in the field of Ephron, the son of Zohar the Hittite, which is before Mamre, And Isaac and Ishmael his sons bury him at the cave of Machpelah, at the field of Ephron, son of Zoar the Hittite, which is before Mamre &#8212;  And his sons Isaac and Ishmael buried him in the cave of Machpelah, in the field of Ephron the son of Zohar the Hittite, which is before Mamre; 
Genesis 25:10 The field which Abraham purchased of the sons of Heth: there was Abraham buried, and Sarah his wife. The field which Abraham purchased of the children of Heth. There was Abraham buried, and Sarah his wife.Which he had bought of the children of Heth: there was he buried, and Sara his wife. the field that Abraham had purchased of the sons of Heth: there was Abraham buried, and Sarah his wife. The field which Abraham purchased of the children of Heth: there was Abraham buried, and Sarah his wife. The field which Abraham purchased of the sons of Heth: there was Abraham buried, and Sarah his wife. The field which Abraham purchased of the children of Heth. Abraham was buried there with Sarah, his wife. The field which Abraham bought from the sons of Heth &#8212; there hath Abraham been buried, and Sarah his wife. The field which Abraham purchased of the sons of Heth: there was Abraham buried, and Sarah his wife.
Genesis 25:11 And it came to pass after the death of Abraham, that God blessed his son Isaac; and Isaac dwelt by the well Lahairoi. And it came to pass after the death of Abraham, that God blessed Isaac his son. And Isaac dwelt by Beer-lahai-roi. And after his death, God blessed Isaac his son, who dwelt by the well named Of the living and seeing. And it came to pass after the death of Abraham, that God blessed his son Isaac. And Isaac dwelt at Beer-lahai-roi. And it came to pass after the death of Abraham, that God blessed Isaac his son; and Isaac dwelt by Beer-lahai-roi. And it came to pass after the death of Abraham, that God blessed his son Isaac: and Isaac dwelt by the well Lahai-roi.It happened after the death of Abraham that God blessed Isaac, his son. Isaac lived by Beer Lahai Roi. And it cometh to pass after the death of Abraham, that God blesseth Isaac his son; and Isaac dwelleth by the Well of the Living One, my Beholder. And it came to pass after the death of Abraham, that God blessed his son Isaac; and Isaac dwelled by the well Lahairoi.
Genesis 25:12 Now these are the generations of Ishmael, Abraham's son, whom Hagar the Egyptian, Sarah's handmaid, bare unto Abraham: Now these are the generations of Ishmael, Abraham's son, whom Hagar the Egyptian, Sarah's handmaid, bare unto Abraham. These are the generations of Ismael the son of Abraham, whom Agar the Egyptian, Sara's servant, bore unto him:  And these are the generations of Ishmael, Abraham's son, whom Hagar the Egyptian, Sarah's bondwoman, bore to Abraham.Now these are the generations of Ishmael, Abraham's son, whom Hagar the Egyptian, Sarah's handmaid, bare unto Abraham: Now these are the generations of Ishmael, Abraham's son, whom Hagar the Egyptian, Sarah's handmaid, bore to Abraham.Now this is the history of the generations of Ishmael, Abraham's son, whom Hagar the Egyptian, Sarah's handmaid, bore to Abraham. And these are births of Ishmael, Abraham's son, whom Hagar the Egyptian, Sarah's handmaid, hath borne to Abraham; Now these are the generations of Ishmael, Abraham's son, whom Hagar the Egyptian, Sarah's handmaid, bore to Abraham: 
Genesis 25:13 And these are the names of the sons of Ishmael, by their names, according to their generations: the firstborn of Ishmael, Nebajoth; and Kedar, and Adbeel, and Mibsam, And these are the names of the sons of Ishmael, by their names, according to their generations: the first-born of Ishmael, Nebaioth, and Kedar, and Adbeel, and Mibsam, And these are the names of his children according to their calling and generations. The firstborn of Ismael was Nabajoth, then Cedar, and Adbeel, and Mabsam. And these are the names of the sons of Ishmael by their names according to their generations: Nebaioth, the firstborn of Ishmael; and Kedar, and Adbeel, and Mibsam, and these are the names of the sons of Ishmael, by their names, according to their generations: the firstborn of Ishmael, Nebaioth; and Kedar, and Adbeel, and Mibsam, And these are the names of the sons of Ishmael, by their names, according to their generations: The first-born of Ishmael, Nebajoth; and Kedar, and Adbeel, and Mibsam, These are the names of the sons of Ishmael, by their names, according to the order of their birth: the firstborn of Ishmael, Nebaioth, then Kedar, Adbeel, Mibsam, and these are the names of the sons of Ishmael, by their names, according to their births: first-born of Ishmael, Nebajoth; and Kedar, and Adbeel, and Mibsam, And these are the names of the sons of Ishmael, by their names, according to their generations: the firstborn of Ishmael, Nebajoth; and Kedar, and Adbeel, and Mibsam, 
Genesis 25:14 And Mishma, and Dumah, and Massa, and Mishma, and Dumah, and Massa, And Masma, and Duma, and Massa,  and Mishma, and Dumah, and Massa, and Mishma, and Dumah, and Massa; And Mishma, and Dumah, and Massa, Mishma, Dumah, Massa, and Mishma, and Dumah, and Massa, And Mishma, and Dumah, and Massa, 
Genesis 25:15 Hadar, and Tema, Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah: Hadad, and Tema, Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah.Hadar, and Thema, and Jethur, and Naphis, and Cedma. Hadad and Tema, Jetur, Naphish and Kedmah.Hadad, and Tema, Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah: Hadar, and Tema, Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah: Hadad, Tema, Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah.Hadar, and Tema, Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah: Hadar, and Tema, Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah: 
Genesis 25:16 These are the sons of Ishmael, and these are their names, by their towns, and by their castles; twelve princes according to their nations. These are the sons of Ishmael, and these are their names, by their villages, and by their encampments. Twelve princes according to their nations. These are the sons of Ismael: and these are their names by their castles and towns, twelve princes of their tribes. These are the sons of Ishmael, and these are their names, in their hamlets and their encampments twelve princes of their peoples. These are the sons of Ishmael, and these are their names, by their villages, and by their encampments; twelve princes according to their nations. These are the sons of Ishmael, and these are their names, by their towns, and by their castles; twelve princes according to their nations. These are the sons of Ishmael, and these are their names, by their villages, and by their encampments: twelve princes, according to their nations. These are sons of Ishmael, and these their names, by their villages, and by their towers; twelve princes according to their peoples. These are the sons of Ishmael, and these are their names, by their towns, and by their castles; twelve princes according to their nations.
Genesis 25:17 And these are the years of the life of Ishmael, an hundred and thirty and seven years: and he gave up the ghost and died; and was gathered unto his people. And these are the years of the life of Ishmael, a hundred and thirty and seven years. And he gave up the ghost and died, and was gathered unto his people. And the years of Ismael's life were a hundred and thirty-seven, and decaying he died, and was gathered unto his people. And these are the years of the life of Ishmael: a hundred and thirty-seven years; and he expired and died, and was gathered to his peoples. And these are the years of the life of Ishmael, an hundred and thirty and seven years: and he gave up the ghost and died; and was gathered unto his people. And these are the years of the life of Ishmael; a hundred and thirty and seven years: and he expired and died, and was gathered to his people. These are the years of the life of Ishmael: one hundred thirty-seven years. He gave up the spirit and died, and was gathered to his people. And these are the years of the life of Ishmael, a hundred and thirty and seven years; and he expireth, and dieth, and is gathered unto his people; And these are the years of the life of Ishmael, an hundred and thirty and seven years: and he gave up the ghost and died; and was gathered to his people.
Genesis 25:18 And they dwelt from Havilah unto Shur, that is before Egypt, as thou goest toward Assyria: and he died in the presence of all his brethren. And they dwelt from Havilah unto Shur that is before Egypt, as thou goest toward Assyria. He abode over against all his brethren. And he dwelt from Hevila as far as Sur, which looketh towards Egypt, to them that go towards the Assyrians. He died in the presence of all his brethren. And they dwelt from Havilah to Shur, which is opposite to Egypt, as one goes towards Assyria. He settled before the face of all his brethren. And they dwelt from Havilah unto Shur that is before Egypt, as thou goest toward Assyria: he abode in the presence of all his brethren. And they dwelt from Havilah to Shur, that is before Egypt, as thou goest towards Assyria: and he died in the presence of all his brethren. They lived from Havilah to Shur that is before Egypt, as you go toward Assyria. He lived opposite all his relatives. And they tabernacle from Havilah unto Shur, which is before Egypt, in thy going towards Asshur; in the presence of all his brethren hath he fallen. And they dwelled from Havilah to Shur, that is before Egypt, as you go toward Assyria: and he died in the presence of all his brothers.
Genesis 25:19 And these are the generations of Isaac, Abraham's son: Abraham begat Isaac: And these are the generations of Isaac, Abraham's son. Abraham begat Isaac. These also are the generations of Isaac the son of Abraham: Abraham begot Isaac:  And these are the generations of Isaac, Abraham's son. Abraham begot Isaac. And these are the generations of Isaac, Abraham's son: Abraham begat Isaac: And these are the generations of Isaac, Abraham's son: Abraham begat Isaac: This is the history of the generations of Isaac, Abraham's son. Abraham became the father of Isaac. And these are births of Isaac, Abraham's son: Abraham hath begotten Isaac; And these are the generations of Isaac, Abraham's son: Abraham begat Isaac: 
Genesis 25:20 And Isaac was forty years old when he took Rebekah to wife, the daughter of Bethuel the Syrian of Padanaram, the sister to Laban the Syrian. And Isaac was forty years old when he took Rebekah, the daughter of Bethuel the Syrian of Paddan-aram, the sister of Laban the Syrian, to be his wife.Who when he was forty years old, took to wife Rebecca the daughter of Bathuel the Syrian of Mesopotamia, sister to Laban. And Isaac was forty years old when he took Rebecca as wife, the daughter of Bethuel the Syrian of Padan-Aram, the sister of Laban the Syrian. And Isaac was forty years old when he took Rebekah, the daughter of Bethuel the Syrian of Paddan-aram, the sister of Laban the Syrian, to be his wife. And Isaac was forty years old when he took Rebekah to wife, the daughter of Bethuel the Syrian of Padan-aram, the sister to Laban the Syrian.Isaac was forty years old when he took Rebekah, the daughter of Bethuel the Syrian of Paddan Aram, the sister of Laban the Syrian, to be his wife. And Isaac is a son of forty years in his taking Rebekah, daughter of Bethuel the Aramaean, from Padan-Aram, sister of Laban the Aramaean, to him for a wife. And Isaac was forty years old when he took Rebekah to wife, the daughter of Bethuel the Syrian of Padanaram, the sister to Laban the Syrian.
Genesis 25:21 And Isaac intreated the LORD for his wife, because she was barren: and the LORD was intreated of him, and Rebekah his wife conceived. And Isaac entreated Jehovah for his wife, because she was barren. And Jehovah was entreated of him, and Rebekah his wife conceived. And Isaac besought the Lord for his wife, because she was barren; and he heard him, and made Rebecca to conceive. And Isaac entreated Jehovah for his wife, because she was barren; and Jehovah was entreated of him, and Rebecca his wife conceived. And Isaac entreated the LORD for his wife, because she was barren: and the LORD was entreated of him, and Rebekah his wife conceived. And Isaac entreated the LORD for his wife, because she was barren: and the LORD was entreated of him, and Rebekah his wife conceived.Isaac entreated Yahweh for his wife, because she was barren. Yahweh was entreated by him, and Rebekah his wife conceived. And Isaac maketh entreaty to Jehovah before his wife, for she is barren: and Jehovah is entreated of him, and Rebekah his wife conceiveth, And Isaac entreated the LORD for his wife, because she was barren: and the LORD was entreated of him, and Rebekah his wife conceived.
Genesis 25:22 And the children struggled together within her; and she said, If it be so, why am I thus? And she went to inquire of the LORD. And the children struggled together within her. And she said, If it be so, wherefore do I live? And she went to inquire of Jehovah.But the children struggled in her womb: and she said: If it were to be so with me, what need was there to conceive? And she went to consult the Lord. And the children struggled together within her; and she said, If it be so, why am I thus? And she went to inquire of Jehovah. And the children struggled together within her; and she said, If it be so, wherefore do I live? And she went to inquire of the LORD. And the children struggled together within her: and she said, If it is so, why am I thus? And she went to inquire of the LORD. The children struggled together within her. She said, "If it be so, why do I live?" She went to inquire of Yahweh. And the children struggle together within her, and she saith, 'If it is right &#8212; why am I thus?' and she goeth to seek Jehovah. And the children struggled together within her; and she said, If it be so, why am I thus? And she went to inquire of the LORD.
Genesis 25:23 And the LORD said unto her, Two nations are in thy womb, and two manner of people shall be separated from thy bowels; and the one people shall be stronger than the other people; and the elder shall serve the younger. And Jehovah said unto her, Two nations are in thy womb, And two peoples shall be separated from thy bowels. And the one people shall be stronger than the other people. And the elder shall serve the younger. And he answering said: Two nations are in thy womb, and two peoples shall be divided out of thy womb, and one people shall overcome the other, and the elder shall serve the younger. And Jehovah said to her, Two nations are in thy womb, And two peoples shall be separated from thy bowels; And one people shall be stronger than the other people, And the elder shall serve the younger. And the LORD said unto her, Two nations are in thy womb, And two peoples shall be separated even from thy bowels: And the one people shall be stronger than the other people; And the elder shall serve the younger. And the LORD said to her, Two nations are in thy womb, and two manner of people shall be separated from thy bowels: and the one people shall be stronger than the other people; and the elder shall serve the younger.Yahweh said to her, "Two nations are in your womb. Two peoples will be separated from your body. The one people will be stronger than the other people. The elder will serve the younger." And Jehovah saith to her, 'Two nations are in thy womb, and two peoples from thy bowels are parted; and the one people than the other people is stronger; and the elder doth serve the younger.' And the LORD said to her, Two nations are in your womb, and two manner of people shall be separated from your bowels; and the one people shall be stronger than the other people; and the elder shall serve the younger.
Genesis 25:24 And when her days to be delivered were fulfilled, behold, there were twins in her womb. And when her days to be delivered were fulfilled, behold, there were twins in her womb. And when her time was come to be delivered, behold twins were found in her womb. And when her days to be delivered were fulfilled, behold, there were twins in her womb. And when her days to be delivered were fulfilled, behold, there were twins in her womb. And when her days to be delivered were fulfilled, behold, there were twins in her womb.When her days to be delivered were fulfilled, behold, there were twins in her womb. And her days to bear are fulfilled, and lo, twins are in her womb; And when her days to be delivered were fulfilled, behold, there were twins in her womb.
Genesis 25:25 And the first came out red, all over like an hairy garment; and they called his name Esau. And the first came forth red, all over like a hairy garment. And they called his name Esau.He that came forth first was red, and hairy like a skin: and his name was called Esau. Immediately the other coming forth, held his brother's foot in his hand, and therefore he was called Jacob. And the first came out red all over like a hairy garment; and they called his name Esau. And the first came forth red, all over like an hairy garment; and they called his name Esau. And the first was born red, all over like a hairy garment: and they called his name Esau. The first came out red all over, like a hairy garment. They named him Esau. And the first cometh out all red as a hairy robe, and they call his name Esau; And the first came out red, all over like an hairy garment; and they called his name Esau.
Genesis 25:26 And after that came his brother out, and his hand took hold on Esau's heel; and his name was called Jacob: and Isaac was threescore years old when she bare them. And after that came forth his brother, and his hand had hold on Esau's heel. And his name was called Jacob. And Isaac was threescore years old when she bare them.Isaac was threescore years old when the children were born unto him. And after that came his brother out; and his hand took hold of Esau's heel; and his name was called Jacob. And Isaac was sixty years old when they were born. And after that came forth his brother, and his hand had hold on Esau's heel; and his name was called Jacob: and Isaac was threescore years old when she bare them. And after that his brother was born, and his hand took hold on Esau's heel; and his name was called Jacob: and Isaac was sixty years old when she bore them. After that, his brother came out, and his hand had hold on Esau's heel. He was named Jacob. Isaac was sixty years old when she bore them. And afterwards hath his brother come out, and his hand is taking hold on Esau's heel, and one calleth his name Jacob; and Isaac is a son of sixty years in her bearing them. And after that came his brother out, and his hand took hold on Esau's heel; and his name was called Jacob: and Isaac was three score years old when she bore them.
Genesis 25:27 And the boys grew: and Esau was a cunning hunter, a man of the field; and Jacob was a plain man, dwelling in tents. And the boys grew. And Esau was a skilful hunter, a man of the field. And Jacob was a quiet man, dwelling in tents. And when they were grown up, Esau became a skillful hunter, and a husbandman, but Jacob a plain man dwelt in tents. And the boys grew, and Esau became a man skilled in hunting, a man of the field; and Jacob was a homely man, dwelling in tents. And the boys grew: and Esau was a cunning hunter, a man of the field; and Jacob was a plain man, dwelling in tents. And the boys grew: and Esau was a skillful hunter, a man of the field; and Jacob was a plain man dwelling in tents. The boys grew. Esau was a skillful hunter, a man of the field. Jacob was a quiet man, living in tents. And the youths grew, and Esau is a man acquainted with hunting, a man of the field; and Jacob is a plain man, inhabiting tents; And the boys grew: and Esau was a cunning hunter, a man of the field; and Jacob was a plain man, dwelling in tents.
Genesis 25:28 And Isaac loved Esau, because he did eat of his venison: but Rebekah loved Jacob.Now Isaac loved Esau, because he did eat of his venison. And Rebekah loved Jacob.Isaac loved Esau, because he ate of his hunting: and Rebecca loved Jacob. And Isaac loved Esau, because venison was to his taste; and Rebecca loved Jacob.Now Isaac loved Esau, because he did eat of his venison: and Rebekah loved Jacob. And Isaac loved Esau, because he ate of his venison: but Rebekah loved Jacob.Now Isaac loved Esau, because he ate his venison. Rebekah loved Jacob. And Isaac loveth Esau, for his hunting is in his mouth; and Rebekah is loving Jacob. And Isaac loved Esau, because he did eat of his venison: but Rebekah loved Jacob.
Genesis 25:29 And Jacob sod pottage: and Esau came from the field, and he was faint: And Jacob boiled pottage. And Esau came in from the field, and he was faint. And Jacob boiled Pottage: to whom Esau, coming faint out of the field,  And Jacob had cooked a dish; and Esau came from the field, and he was faint. And Jacob sod pottage: and Esau came in from the field, and he was faint: And Jacob boiled pottage: and Esau came from the field, and he was faint.Jacob boiled stew. Esau came in from the field, and he was famished. And Jacob boileth pottage, and Esau cometh in from the field, and he is weary; And Jacob sod pottage: and Esau came from the field, and he was faint: 
Genesis 25:30 And Esau said to Jacob, Feed me, I pray thee, with that same red pottage; for I am faint: therefore was his name called Edom. And Esau said to Jacob, Feed me, I pray thee, with that same red pottage . For I am faint. Therefore was his name called Edom. Said: Give me of this red pottage, for I am exceeding faint. For which reason his name was called Edom. And Esau said to Jacob, Feed me, I pray thee, with the red the red thing there, for I am faint. Therefore was his name called Edom. And Esau said to Jacob, Feed me, I pray thee, with that same red pottage; for I am faint: therefore was his name called Edom. And Esau said to Jacob, Feed me, I pray thee, with that same red pottage; for I am faint: therefore was his name called Edom.Esau said to Jacob, "Please feed me with that same red stew, for I am famished." Therefore his name was called Edom. And Esau saith unto Jacob, 'Let me eat, I pray thee, some of this red red thing, for I am weary;' therefore hath one called his name Edom Red; And Esau said to Jacob, Feed me, I pray you, with that same red pottage; for I am faint: therefore was his name called Edom.
Genesis 25:31 And Jacob said, Sell me this day thy birthright. And Jacob said, Sell me first thy birthright. And Jacob said to him: Sell me thy first birthright. And Jacob said, Sell me now thy birthright. And Jacob said, Sell me this day thy birthright. And Jacob said, Sell to me this day thy birth-right.Jacob said, "First, sell me your birthright." and Jacob saith, 'Sell to-day thy birthright to me.' And Jacob said, Sell me this day your birthright.
Genesis 25:32 And Esau said, Behold, I am at the point to die: and what profit shall this birthright do to me? And Esau said, Behold, I am about to die. And what profit shall the birthright do to me? He answered: Lo I die, what will the first birthright avail me. And Esau said, Behold, I am going to die, and of what use can the birthright be to me? And Esau said, Behold, I am at the point to die: and what profit shall the birthright do to me? And Esau said, Behold, I am at the point to die: and what profit shall this birth-right bring to me? Esau said, "Behold, I am about to die. What good is the birthright to me?" And Esau saith, 'Lo, I am going to die, and what is this to me &#8212; birthright?' And Esau said, Behold, I am at the point to die: and what profit shall this birthright do to me? 
Genesis 25:33 And Jacob said, Swear to me this day; and he sware unto him: and he sold his birthright unto Jacob. And Jacob said, Swear to me first. And he sware unto him. And he sold his birthright unto Jacob.Jacob said: Swear therefore to me. Esau swore to him, and sold his first birthright. And Jacob said, Swear unto me now. And he swore unto him, and sold his birthright to Jacob. And Jacob said, Swear to me this day; and he sware unto him: and he sold his birthright unto Jacob. And Jacob said, Swear to me this day; and he swore to him: and he sold his birth-right to Jacob.Jacob said, "Swear to me first." He swore to him. He sold his birthright to Jacob. And Jacob saith, 'Swear to me to-day:' and he sweareth to him, and selleth his birthright to Jacob; And Jacob said, Swear to me this day; and he swore to him: and he sold his birthright to Jacob.
Genesis 25:34 Then Jacob gave Esau bread and pottage of lentiles; and he did eat and drink, and rose up, and went his way: thus Esau despised his birthright. And Jacob gave Esau bread and pottage of lentils. And he did eat and drink, and rose up, and went his way. So Esau despised his birthright. And so taking bread and the pottage of lentils, he ate, and drank, and went his way; making little account of having sold his first birthright. And Jacob gave Esau bread and the dish of lentils; and he ate and drank, and rose up and went away. Thus Esau despised the birthright. And Jacob gave Esau bread and pottage of lentils; and he did eat and drink, and rose up, and went his way: so Esau despised his birthright. Then Jacob gave Esau bread and pottage of lentiles; and he ate and drank, and rose and went his way: thus Esau despised his birth-right.Jacob gave Esau bread and stew of lentils. He ate and drank, rose up, and went his way. So Esau despised his birthright. And Jacob hath given to Esau bread and pottage of lentiles, and he eateth, and drinketh, and riseth, and goeth; and Esau despiseth the birthright. Then Jacob gave Esau bread and pottage of lentils; and he did eat and drink, and rose up, and went his way: thus Esau despised his birthright.
Genesis 26:1 And there was a famine in the land, beside the first famine that was in the days of Abraham. And Isaac went unto Abimelech king of the Philistines unto Gerar. And there was a famine in the land, besides the first famine that was in the days of Abraham. And Isaac went unto Abimelech king of the Philistines, unto Gerar. And when a famine came in the land, after that barrenness which had happened in the days of Abraham, Isaac went to Abimelech king of the Palestines to Gerara. And there was a famine in the land, besides the former famine which had been in the days of Abraham. And Isaac went to Abimelech the king of the Philistines, to Gerar. And there was a famine in the land, beside the first famine that was in the days of Abraham. And Isaac went unto Abimelech king of the Philistines unto Gerar. And there was a famine in the land, besides the first famine that was in the days of Abraham. And Isaac went to Abimelech king of the Philistines to Gerar. There was a famine in the land, besides the first famine that was in the days of Abraham. Isaac went to Abimelech king of the Philistines, to Gerar. And there is a famine in the land, besides the first famine which was in the days of Abraham, and Isaac goeth unto Abimelech king of the Philistines, to Gerar. And there was a famine in the land, beside the first famine that was in the days of Abraham. And Isaac went to Abimelech king of the Philistines to Gerar.
Genesis 26:2 And the LORD appeared unto him, and said, Go not down into Egypt; dwell in the land which I shall tell thee of: And Jehovah appeared unto him, and said, Go not down into Egypt. Dwell in the land which I shall tell thee of. And the Lord appeared to him and said: Go not down into Egypt, but stay in the land that I shall tell thee. And Jehovah appeared to him and said, Go not down to Egypt: dwell in the land that I shall tell thee of. And the LORD appeared unto him, and said, Go not down into Egypt; dwell in the land which I shall tell thee of: And the LORD appeared to him, and said, Go not down into Egypt: dwell in the land which I shall tell thee of.Yahweh appeared to him, and said, "Don't go down into Egypt. Live in the land I will tell you about. And Jehovah appeareth unto him, and saith, 'Go not down towards Egypt, tabernacle in the land concerning which I speak unto thee, And the LORD appeared to him, and said, Go not down into Egypt; dwell in the land which I shall tell you of: 
Genesis 26:3 Sojourn in this land, and I will be with thee, and will bless thee; for unto thee, and unto thy seed, I will give all these countries, and I will perform the oath which I sware unto Abraham thy father; Sojourn in this land, and I will be with thee, and will bless thee. For unto thee, and unto thy seed, I will give all these lands, and I will establish the oath which I sware unto Abraham thy father. And sojourn in it, and I will be with thee, and will bless thee: for to thee and to thy seed I will give all these countries, to fulfill the oath which I swore to Abraham thy father. Sojourn in this land; and I will be with thee and bless thee; for unto thee, and unto thy seed, I will give all these countries; and I will perform the oath which I swore unto Abraham thy father. Sojourn in this land, and I will be with thee, and will bless thee; for unto thee, and unto thy seed, I will give all these lands, and I will establish the oath which I sware unto Abraham thy father; Sojourn in this land, and I will be with thee, and will bless thee: for to thee, and to thy seed I will give all these countries, and I will perform the oath which I swore to Abraham thy father; Live in this land, and I will be with you, and will bless you. For to you, and to your seed, I will give all these lands, and I will establish the oath which I swore to Abraham your father. Sojourn in this land, and I am with thee, and bless thee, for to thee and to thy seed I give all these lands, and I have established the oath which I have sworn to Abraham thy father; Sojourn in this land, and I will be with you, and will bless you; for to you, and to your seed, I will give all these countries, and I will perform the oath which I swore to Abraham your father; 
Genesis 26:4 And I will make thy seed to multiply as the stars of heaven, and will give unto thy seed all these countries; and in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed; And I will multiply thy seed as the stars of heaven, and will give unto thy seed all these lands. And in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed. And I will multiply thy seed like the stars of heaven: and I will give to thy posterity all these countries: and in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed. And I will multiply thy seed as the stars of heaven, and unto thy seed will I give all these countries; and in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth bless themselves &#8212; and I will multiply thy seed as the stars of heaven, and will give unto thy seed all these lands; and in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed; And I will make thy seed to multiply as the stars of heaven, and will give to thy seed all these countries: and in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed: I will multiply your seed as the stars of the sky, and will give to your seed all these lands. In your seed will all the nations of the earth be blessed, and I have multiplied thy seed as stars of the heavens, and I have given to thy seed all these lands; and blessed themselves in thy seed have all nations of the earth; And I will make your seed to multiply as the stars of heaven, and will give to your seed all these countries; and in your seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed; 
Genesis 26:5 Because that Abraham obeyed my voice, and kept my charge, my commandments, my statutes, and my laws.Because that Abraham obeyed my voice, and kept my charge, my commandments, my statutes, and my laws.Because Abraham obeyed my voice, and kept my precepts and commandments, and observed my ceremonies and laws. because that Abraham hearkened to my voice, and kept my charge, my commandments, my statutes, and my laws.because that Abraham obeyed my voice, and kept my charge, my commandments, my statutes, and my laws.Because that Abraham obeyed my voice, and kept my charge, my commandments, my statutes, and my laws.because Abraham obeyed my voice, and kept my requirements, my commandments, my statutes, and my laws." because that Abraham hath hearkened to My voice, and keepeth My charge, My commands, My statutes, and My laws.' Because that Abraham obeyed my voice, and kept my charge, my commandments, my statutes, and my laws.
Genesis 26:6 And Isaac dwelt in Gerar: And Isaac dwelt in Gerar. So Isaac abode in Gerara. And Isaac dwelt at Gerar. And Isaac dwelt in Gerar: And Isaac dwelt in Gerar: Isaac lived in Gerar. And Isaac dwelleth in Gerar; And Isaac dwelled in Gerar: 
Genesis 26:7 And the men of the place asked him of his wife; and he said, She is my sister: for he feared to say, She is my wife; lest, said he, the men of the place should kill me for Rebekah; because she was fair to look upon. And the men of the place asked him of his wife. And he said, She is my sister. For he feared to say, My wife. Lest,'said he , the men of the place should kill me for Rebekah. Because she was fair to look upon. And when he was asked by the men of that place, concerning his wife, he answered: She is my sister; for he was afraid to confess that she was his wife, thinking lest perhaps they would like him because of her beauty. And the men of the place asked about his wife. And he said, She is my sister; for he feared to say, my wife, saying to himself, Lest the men of the place slay me on account of Rebecca because she was fair in countenance. And the men of the place asked him of his wife; and he said, She is my sister: for he feared to say, My wife; lest, said he, the men of the place should kill me for Rebekah: because she was fair to look upon. And the men of the place asked him of his wife; and he said, She is my sister: for he feared to say, She is my wife; lest, said he, the men of the place should kill me for Rebekah; because she was fair to look upon. The men of the place asked him about his wife. He said, "She is my sister," for he was afraid to say, "My wife," lest, he thought, "the men of the place might kill me for Rebekah, because she is beautiful to look at." and men of the place ask him of his wife, and he saith, 'She is my sister:' for he hath been afraid to say, 'My wife &#8212; lest the men of the place kill me for Rebekah, for she is of good appearance.' And the men of the place asked him of his wife; and he said, She is my sister: for he feared to say, She is my wife; lest, said he, the men of the place should kill me for Rebekah; because she was fair to look on.
Genesis 26:8 And it came to pass, when he had been there a long time, that Abimelech king of the Philistines looked out at a window, and saw, and, behold, Isaac was sporting with Rebekah his wife. And it came to pass, when he had been there a long time, that Abimelech king of the Philistines looked out at a window, and saw, and, behold, Isaac was sporting with Rebekah his wife. And when very many days were passed, and he abode there, Abimelech king of the Palestines looking out through a window, saw him playing with Rebecca his wife. And it came to pass when he had been there some time, that Abimelech the king of the Philistines looked out of the window, and saw, and behold, Isaac was dallying with Rebecca his wife. And it came to pass, when he had been there a long time, that Abimelech king of the Philistines looked out at a window, and saw, and, behold, Isaac was sporting with Rebekah his wife. And it came to pass when he had been there a long time, that Abimelech king of the Philistines looked out at a window, and saw, and behold, Isaac was sporting with Rebekah his wife.It happened, when he had been there a long time, that Abimelech king of the Philistines looked out at a window, and saw, and, behold, Isaac was caressing Rebekah, his wife. And it cometh to pass, when the days have been prolonged to him there, that Abimelech king of the Philistines looketh through the window, and seeth, and lo, Isaac is playing with Rebekah his wife. And it came to pass, when he had been there a long time, that Abimelech king of the Philistines looked out at a window, and saw, and, behold, Isaac was sporting with Rebekah his wife.
Genesis 26:9 And Abimelech called Isaac, and said, Behold, of a surety she is thy wife: and how saidst thou, She is my sister? And Isaac said unto him, Because I said, Lest I die for her. And Abimelech called Isaac, and said, Behold, of a surety she is thy wife. And how saidst thou, She is my sister? And Isaac said unto him, Because I said, Lest I die because of her. And calling for him, he said: It is evident she is thy wife: why didst thou feign her to be thy sister? He answered: I feared lest I should die for her sake. Then Abimelech called Isaac, and said, Behold, she is certainly thy wife; and how saidst thou, She is my sister? and Isaac said to him, Because I said, Lest I die on account of her. And Abimelech called Isaac, and said, Behold, of a surety she is thy wife: and how saidst thou, She is my sister? And Isaac said unto him, Because I said, Lest I die for her. And Abimelech called Isaac, and said, Behold, surely she is thy wife: and how saidst thou, She is my sister? and Isaac said to him, Because I said, Lest I should die on her account. Abimelech called Isaac, and said, "Behold, surely she is your wife. Why did you say, 'She is my sister?'" Isaac said to him, "Because I said, 'Lest I die because of her.'" And Abimelech calleth for Isaac, and saith, 'Lo, she is surely thy wife; and how hast thou said, She is my sister?' and Isaac saith unto him, 'Because I said, Lest I die for her.' And Abimelech called Isaac, and said, Behold, of a surety she is your wife; and how said you, She is my sister? And Isaac said to him, Because I said, Lest I die for her.
Genesis 26:10 And Abimelech said, What is this thou hast done unto us? one of the people might lightly have lien with thy wife, and thou shouldest have brought guiltiness upon us. And Abimelech said, What is this thou hast done unto us? One of the people might easily have lain with thy wife, and thou wouldest have brought guiltiness upon us. And Abimelech said: Why hadst thou deceived us? Some man of the people might have lain with thy wife, and thou hadst brought upon us a great sin. And he commanded all the people, saying:  And Abimelech said, What is this thou hast done to us? But a little and one of the people might have lain with thy wife, and thou wouldest have brought a trespass on us. And Abimelech said, What is this thou hast done unto us? one of the people might lightly have lain with thy wife, and thou shouldest have brought guiltiness upon us. And Abimelech said, What is this thou hast done to us? one of the people might lightly have lain with thy wife, and thou wouldst have brought guiltiness upon us. Abimelech said, "What is this you have done to us? One of the people might easily have lain with your wife, and you would have brought guilt on us!" And Abimelech saith, 'What is this thou hast done to us? as a little thing one of the people had lain with thy wife, and thou hadst brought upon us guilt;' And Abimelech said, What is this you have done to us? one of the people might lightly have lien with your wife, and you should have brought guiltiness on us.
Genesis 26:11 And Abimelech charged all his people, saying, He that toucheth this man or his wife shall surely be put to death. And Abimelech charged all the people, saying, He that toucheth this man or his wife shall surely be put to death.He that shall touch this man's wife, shall surely be put to death. And Abimelech charged all the people, saying, He that touches this man or his wife shall certainly be put to death. And Abimelech charged all the people, saying, He that toucheth this man or his wife shall surely be put to death. And Abimelech charged all his people, saying, He that toucheth this man or his wife shall surely be put to death. Abimelech commanded all the people, saying, "He who touches this man or his wife will surely be put to death." and Abimelech commandeth all the people, saying, 'He who cometh against this man or against his wife, dying doth die.' And Abimelech charged all his people, saying, He that touches this man or his wife shall surely be put to death.
Genesis 26:12 Then Isaac sowed in that land, and received in the same year an hundredfold: and the LORD blessed him. And Isaac sowed in that land, and found in the same year a hundredfold. And Jehovah blessed him. And Isaac sowed in that land, and he found that same year a hundredfold: and the Lord blessed him. And Isaac sowed in that land, and received in the same year a hundredfold; and Jehovah blessed him. And Isaac sowed in that land, and found in the same year an hundredfold: and the LORD blessed him. Then Isaac sowed in that land, and received in the same year a hundred-fold: and the LORD blessed him: Isaac sowed in that land, and reaped in the same year one hundred times what he planted. Yahweh blessed him. And Isaac soweth in that land, and findeth in that year a hundredfold, and Jehovah blesseth him; Then Isaac sowed in that land, and received in the same year an hundred times: and the LORD blessed him.
Genesis 26:13 And the man waxed great, and went forward, and grew until he became very great: And the man waxed great, and grew more and more until he became very great. And the man was enriched, and he went on prospering and increasing, till he became exceeding great:  And the man became great, and he became continually greater, until he was very great. And the man waxed great, and grew more and more until he became very great: And the man became great, and went forward, and grew until he became very great: The man grew great, and grew more and more until he became very great. And the man is great, and goeth on, going on and becoming great, till that he hath been very great, And the man waxed great, and went forward, and grew until he became very great: 
Genesis 26:14 For he had possession of flocks, and possession of herds, and great store of servants: and the Philistines envied him. And he had possessions of flocks, and possessions of herds, and a great household. And the Philistines envied him. And he had possessions of sheep and of herds, and a very great family. Wherefore the Palestines envying him,  And he had possessions of flocks, and possessions of herds, and a great number of servants; and the Philistines envied him. And he had possessions of flocks, and possessions of herds, and a great household: and the Philistines envied him.For he had possession of flocks, and possession of herds, and very many servants: And the Philistines envied him.He had possessions of flocks, possessions of herds, and a great household. The Philistines envied him. And he hath possession of a flock, and possession of a herd, and an abundant service; and the Philistines envy him, For he had possession of flocks, and possession of herds, and great store of servants: and the Philistines envied him.
Genesis 26:15 For all the wells which his father's servants had digged in the days of Abraham his father, the Philistines had stopped them, and filled them with earth.Now all the wells which his father's servants had digged in the days of Abraham his father, the Philistines had stopped, and filled with earth. Stopped up at that time all the wells, that the servants of his father Abraham had digged, filling them up with earth:  And all the wells that his father's servants had dug in the days of Abraham his father, the Philistines stopped them and filled them with earth.Now all the wells which his father's servants had digged in the days of Abraham his father, the Philistines had stopped them, and filled them with earth.For all the wells which his father's servants had digged in the days of Abraham his father, the Philistines had stopped them, and filled them with earth.Now all the wells which his father's servants had dug in the days of Abraham his father, the Philistines had stopped, and filled with earth. And all the wells which his father's servants digged in the days of Abraham his father, the Philistines have stopped them, and fill them with dust.For all the wells which his father's servants had dig in the days of Abraham his father, the Philistines had stopped them, and filled them with earth.
Genesis 26:16 And Abimelech said unto Isaac, Go from us; for thou art much mightier than we. And Abimelech said unto Isaac, Go from us. For thou art much mightier than we.Insomuch that Abimelech himself said to Isaac: Depart from us, for thou art become much mightier than we. And Abimelech said to Isaac, Go from us; for thou art become much mightier than we. And Abimelech said unto Isaac, Go from us; for thou art much mightier than we. And Abimelech said to Isaac, Go from us: for thou art much mightier than we. Abimelech said to Isaac, "Go from us, for you are much mightier than we." And Abimelech saith unto Isaac, 'Go from us; for thou hast become much mightier than we;' And Abimelech said to Isaac, Go from us; for you are much mightier than we.
Genesis 26:17 And Isaac departed thence, and pitched his tent in the valley of Gerar, and dwelt there. And Isaac departed thence, and encamped in the valley of Gerar, and dwelt there. So he departed and came to the torrent of Gerara, to dwell there:  And Isaac departed thence, and pitched his camp in the valley of Gerar, and dwelt there. And Isaac departed thence, and encamped in the valley of Gerar, and dwelt there. And Isaac departed thence, and pitched his tent in the valley of Gerar, and dwelt there.Isaac departed from there, encamped in the valley of Gerar, and lived there. And Isaac goeth from thence, and encampeth in the valley of Gerar, and dwelleth there; And Isaac departed there, and pitched his tent in the valley of Gerar, and dwelled there.
Genesis 26:18 And Isaac digged again the wells of water, which they had digged in the days of Abraham his father; for the Philistines had stopped them after the death of Abraham: and he called their names after the names by which his father had called them. And Isaac digged again the wells of water, which they had digged in the days of Abraham his father. For the Philistines had stopped them after the death of Abraham. And he called their names after the names by which his father had called them. And he digged again other wells, which the servants of his father Abraham had digged, and which, after his death, the Palestines had of old stopped up: and he called them by the same names by which his father before had called them. And Isaac dug again the wells of water that they had dug in the days of Abraham his father, and that the Philistines had stopped after the death of Abraham; and he called their names after the names by which his father had called them. And Isaac digged again the wells of water, which they had digged in the days of Abraham his father; for the Philistines had stopped them after the death of Abraham: and he called their names after the names by which his father had called them. And Isaac digged again the wells of water which they had digged in the days of Abraham his father; for the Philistines had stopped them after the death of Abraham: and he called their names after the names by which his father had called them.Isaac dug again the wells of water, which they had dug in the days of Abraham his father. For the Philistines had stopped them after the death of Abraham. He called their names after the names by which his father had called them. And Isaac turneth back, and diggeth the wells of water which they digged in the days of Abraham his father, which the Philistines do stop after the death of Abraham, and he calleth to them names according to the names which his father called them. And Isaac dig again the wells of water, which they had dig in the days of Abraham his father; for the Philistines had stopped them after the death of Abraham: and he called their names after the names by which his father had called them.
Genesis 26:19 And Isaac's servants digged in the valley, and found there a well of springing water. And Isaac's servants digged in the valley, and found there a well of springing water. And they digged in the torrent, and found living water. And Isaac's servants dug in the valley, and found there a well of springing water. And Isaac's servants digged in the valley, and found there a well of springing water. And Isaac's servants digged in the valley, and found there a well of springing water.Isaac's servants dug in the valley, and found there a well of springing water. And Isaac's servants dig in the valley, and find there a well of living water, And Isaac's servants dig in the valley, and found there a well of springing water.
Genesis 26:20 And the herdmen of Gerar did strive with Isaac's herdmen, saying, The water is ours: and he called the name of the well Esek; because they strove with him. And the herdsmen of Gerar strove with Isaac's herdsmen, saying, The water is ours. And he called the name of the well Esek, because they contended with him.But there also the herdsmen of Gerara strove against the herdsmen of Isaac, saying: It is our water. Wherefore he called the name of the well, on occasion of that which had happened, Calumny. But the shepherds of Gerar strove with Isaac's shepherds, saying, The water is ours. And he called the name of the well Esek, because they had quarrelled with him. And the herdmen of Gerar strove with Isaac's herdmen, saying, The water is ours: and he called the name of the well Esek; because they contended with him. And the herdmen of Gerar contended with Isaac's herdmen, saying, The water is ours: and he called the name of the well Esek; because they strove with him. The herdsmen of Gerar argued with Isaac's herdsmen, saying, "The water is ours." He called the name of the well Esek, because they contended with him. And shepherds of Gerar strive with shepherds of Isaac, saying, 'The water is ours;' and he calleth the name of the well 'Strife,' because they have striven habitually with him; And the herdsmen of Gerar did strive with Isaac's herdsmen, saying, The water is ours: and he called the name of the well Esek; because they strove with him.
Genesis 26:21 And they digged another well, and strove for that also: and he called the name of it Sitnah. And they digged another well, and they strove for that also. And he called the name of it Sitnah. And they digged also another; and for that they quarreled likewise, and he called the name of it, Enmity. And they dug another well, and they strove for that also; and he called the name of it Sitnah. And they digged another well, and they strove for that also: and he called the name of it Sitnah. And they digged another well, and contended for that also: and he called the name of it Sitnah. They dug another well, and they argued over that, also. He called its name Sitnah. And they dig another well, and they strive also for it, and he calleth its name 'Hatred.' And they dig another well, and strove for that also: and he called the name of it Sitnah.
Genesis 26:22 And he removed from thence, and digged another well; and for that they strove not: and he called the name of it Rehoboth; and he said, For now the LORD hath made room for us, and we shall be fruitful in the land. And he removed from thence, and digged another well. And for that they strove not. And he called the name of it Rehoboth. And he said, For now Jehovah hath made room for us, and we shall be fruitful in the land.Going forward from thence, he digged another well, for which they contended not: therefore he called the name thereof, Latitude, saying: Now hath the Lord given us room, and made us to increase upon the earth. And he removed thence and dug another well; and they did not strive for that. And he called the name of it Rehoboth, and said, For now Jehovah has made room for us, and we shall be fruitful in the land. And he removed from thence, and digged another well; and for that they strove not: and he called the name of it Rehoboth; and he said, For now the LORD hath made room for us, and we shall be fruitful in the land. And he removed from thence, and digged another well; and for that they did not contend: and he called the name of it Rehoboth; and he said, For now the LORD hath made room for us, and we shall be fruitful in the land.He left that place, and dug another well. They didn't argue over that one. He called it Rehoboth. He said, "For now Yahweh has made room for us, and we will be fruitful in the land." And he removeth from thence, and diggeth another well, and they have not striven for it, and he calleth its name Enlargements, and saith, 'For &#8212; now hath Jehovah given enlargement to us, and we have been fruitful in the land.' And he removed from there, and dig another well; and for that they strove not: and he called the name of it Rehoboth; and he said, For now the LORD has made room for us, and we shall be fruitful in the land.
Genesis 26:23 And he went up from thence to Beersheba. And he went up from thence to Beer-sheba. And he went up from that place to Bersabee,  And he went up thence to Beer-sheba. And he went up from thence to Beer-sheba. And he went up from thence to Beer-sheba.He went up from there to Beersheba. And he goeth up from thence to Beer-Sheba, And he went up from there to Beersheba.
Genesis 26:24 And the LORD appeared unto him the same night, and said, I am the God of Abraham thy father: fear not, for I am with thee, and will bless thee, and multiply thy seed for my servant Abraham's sake. And Jehovah appeared unto him the same night, and said, I am the God of Abraham thy father. Fear not, for I am with thee, and will bless thee, and multiply thy seed for my servant Abraham's sake.Where the Lord appeared to him that same might, saying: I am the God of Abraham thy father; do not fear, for I am with thee: I will bless thee, and multiply thy seed for my servant Abraham's sake. And Jehovah appeared to him the same night, and said, I am the God of Abraham thy father: fear not, for I am with thee, and will bless thee, and multiply thy seed for my servant Abraham's sake. And the LORD appeared unto him the same night, and said, I am the God of Abraham thy father: fear not, for I am with thee, and will bless thee, and multiply thy seed for my servant Abraham's sake. And the LORD appeared to him the same night, and said, I am the God of Abraham thy father: fear not, for I am with thee, and will bless thee, and multiply thy seed for my servant Abraham's sake.Yahweh appeared to him the same night, and said, "I am the God of Abraham your father. Don't be afraid, for I am with you, and will bless you, and multiply your seed for my servant Abraham's sake." and Jehovah appeareth unto him during that night, and saith, 'I am the God of Abraham thy father, fear not, for I am with thee, and have blessed thee, and have multiplied thy seed, because of Abraham My servant;' And the LORD appeared to him the same night, and said, I am the God of Abraham your father: fear not, for I am with you, and will bless you, and multiply your seed for my servant Abraham's sake.
Genesis 26:25 And he builded an altar there, and called upon the name of the LORD, and pitched his tent there: and there Isaac's servants digged a well. And he builded an altar there, and called upon the name of Jehovah, and pitched his tent there. And there Isaac's servants digged a well. And he built there an altar: and called upon the name of the Lord, and pitched his tent: and commanded his servants to dig a well. And he built an altar there, and called upon the name of Jehovah. And he pitched his tent there; and there Isaac's servants dug a well. And he builded an altar there, and called upon the name of the LORD, and pitched his tent there: and there Isaac's servants digged a well. And he built an altar there, and called upon the name of the LORD, and pitched his tent there: and there Isaac's servants digged a well.He built an altar there, and called on the name of Yahweh, and pitched his tent there. There Isaac's servants dug a well. And he buildeth there an altar, and preacheth in the name of Jehovah, and stretcheth out there his tent, and there Isaac's servants dig a well. And he built an altar there, and called on the name of the LORD, and pitched his tent there: and there Isaac's servants dig a well.
Genesis 26:26 Then Abimelech went to him from Gerar, and Ahuzzath one of his friends, and Phichol the chief captain of his army. Then Abimelech went to him from Gerar, and Ahuzzath his friend, and Phicol the captain of his host. To which place when Abimelech, and Ochozath his friend, and Phicol chief captain of his soldiers came from Gerara,  And Abimelech, and Ahuzzath his friend, and Phichol the captain of his host, went to him from Gerar. Then Abimelech went to him from Gerar, and Ahuzzath his friend, and Phicol the captain of his host. Then Abimelech went to him from Gerar, and Ahuzzath one of his friends, and Phichol the chief captain of his army. Then Abimelech went to him from Gerar, and Ahuzzath his friend, and Phicol the captain of his army. And Abimelech hath gone unto him from Gerar, and Ahuzzath his friend, and Phichol head of his host; Then Abimelech went to him from Gerar, and Ahuzzath one of his friends, and Phichol the chief captain of his army.
Genesis 26:27 And Isaac said unto them, Wherefore come ye to me, seeing ye hate me, and have sent me away from you? And Isaac said unto them, Wherefore are ye come unto me, seeing ye hate me, and have sent me away from you? Isaac said to them: Why are ye come to me, a man whom you hate, and have thrust out from you?  And Isaac said to them, Why are ye come to me, seeing ye hate me, and have driven me away from you? And Isaac said unto them, Wherefore are ye come unto me, seeing ye hate me, and have sent me away from you? And Isaac said to them, Why come ye to me, seeing ye hate me, and have sent me away from you? Isaac said to them, "Why have you come to me, since you hate me, and have sent me away from you?" and Isaac saith unto them, 'Wherefore have ye come unto me, and ye have hated me, and ye send me away from you?' And Isaac said to them, Why come you to me, seeing you hate me, and have sent me away from you? 
Genesis 26:28 And they said, We saw certainly that the LORD was with thee: and we said, Let there be now an oath betwixt us, even betwixt us and thee, and let us make a covenant with thee; And they said, We saw plainly that Jehovah was with thee. And we said, Let there now be an oath betwixt us, even betwixt us and thee, and let us make a covenant with thee, And they answered: We saw that the Lord is with thee, and therefore we said: Let there be an oath between us, and let us make a covenant,  And they said, We saw certainly that Jehovah is with thee; and we said, Let there be then an oath between us between us and thee, and let us make a covenant with thee, And they said, We saw plainly that the LORD was with thee: and we said, Let there now be an oath betwixt us, even betwixt us and thee, and let us make a covenant with thee; And they said, We saw certainly that the LORD was with thee: and we said, Let there be now an oath betwixt us, even betwixt us and thee, and let us make a covenant with thee; They said, "We saw plainly that Yahweh was with you. We said, 'Let there now be an oath between us, even between us and you, and let us make a covenant with you, And they say, 'We have certainly seen that Jehovah hath been with thee, and we say, 'Let there be, we pray thee, an oath between us, between us and thee, and let us make a covenant with thee; And they said, We saw certainly that the LORD was with you: and we said, Let there be now an oath between us, even between us and you, and let us make a covenant with you; 
Genesis 26:29 That thou wilt do us no hurt, as we have not touched thee, and as we have done unto thee nothing but good, and have sent thee away in peace: thou art now the blessed of the LORD. That thou wilt do us no hurt, as we have not touched thee, and as we have done unto thee nothing but good, and have sent thee away in peace. Thou art now the blessed of Jehovah. That thou do us no harm, as we on our part have touched nothing of thine, nor have done any thing to hurt thee: but with peace have sent thee away increased with the blessing of the Lord. that thou wilt do us no wrong, as we have not touched thee, and as we have done to thee nothing but good, and have let thee go in peace; thou art now blessed of Jehovah. That thou wilt do us no hurt, as we have not touched thee, and as we have done unto thee nothing but good, and have sent thee away in peace: thou art now the blessed of the LORD. That thou wilt do us no hurt, as we have not touched thee, and as we have done to thee nothing but good, and have sent thee away in peace: thou art now the blessed of the LORD. That you will do us no harm, as we have not touched you, and as we have done to you nothing but good, and have sent you away in peace.' You are now the blessed of Yahweh." do not evil with us, as we have not touched thee, and as we have only done good with thee, and send thee away in peace; thou art now blessed of Jehovah.' That you will do us no hurt, as we have not touched you, and as we have done to you nothing but good, and have sent you away in peace: you are now the blessed of the LORD.
Genesis 26:30 And he made them a feast, and they did eat and drink. And he made them a feast, and they did eat and drink. And he made them a feast, and after they had eaten and drunk:  And he made them a feast, and they ate and drank. And he made them a feast, and they did eat and drink. And he made them a feast, and they ate and drank.He made them a feast, and they ate and drank. And he maketh for them a banquet, and they eat and drink, And he made them a feast, and they did eat and drink.
Genesis 26:31 And they rose up betimes in the morning, and sware one to another: and Isaac sent them away, and they departed from him in peace. And they rose up betimes in the morning, and sware one to another. And Isaac sent them away, and they departed from him in peace. Arising in the morning, they swore one to another: and Isaac sent them away peaceably to their own home. And they rose early in the morning, and swore one to another; and Isaac sent them away, and they departed from him in peace. And they rose up betimes in the morning, and sware one to another: and Isaac sent them away, and they departed from him in peace. And they rose betimes in the morning, and swore one to another: and Isaac sent them away, and they departed from him in peace. They rose up some time in the morning, and swore one to another. Isaac sent them away, and they departed from him in peace. And rise early in the morning, and swear one to another, and Isaac sendeth them away, and they go from him in peace. And they rose up betimes in the morning, and swore one to another: and Isaac sent them away, and they departed from him in peace.
Genesis 26:32 And it came to pass the same day, that Isaac's servants came, and told him concerning the well which they had digged, and said unto him, We have found water. And it came to pass the same day, that Isaac's servants came, and told him concerning the well which they had digged, and said unto him, We have found water. And behold the same day the servants of Isaac came, telling him of a well which they had digged, and saying: We have found water. And it came to pass the same day, that Isaac's servants came, and told him concerning the well that they had dug, and said to him, We have found water. And it came to pass the same day, that Isaac's servants came, and told him concerning the well which they had digged, and said unto him, We have found water. And it came to pass the same day, that Isaac's servants came and told him concerning the well which they had digged, and said to him, We have found water.It happened the same day, that Isaac's servants came, and told him concerning the well which they had dug, and said to him, "We have found water." And it cometh to pass during that day that Isaac's servants come and declare to him concerning the circumstances of the well which they have digged, and say to him, 'We have found water;' And it came to pass the same day, that Isaac's servants came, and told him concerning the well which they had dig, and said to him, We have found water.
Genesis 26:33 And he called it Shebah: therefore the name of the city is Beersheba unto this day. And he called it Shibah. Therefore the name of the city is Beer-sheba unto this day.Whereupon he called it Abundance: and the name of the city was called Bersabee, even to this day. And he called it Shebah; therefore the name of the city is Beer-sheba to this day. And he called it Shibah: therefore the name of the city is Beer-sheba unto this day. And he called it Shebah: therefore the name of the city is Beer-sheba to this day.He called it Shibah. Therefore the name of the city is Beersheba to this day. And he calleth it Shebah, oath, therefore the name of the city is Beer-Sheba, well of the oath, unto this day. And he called it Shebah: therefore the name of the city is Beersheba to this day.
Genesis 26:34 And Esau was forty years old when he took to wife Judith the daughter of Beeri the Hittite, and Bashemath the daughter of Elon the Hittite: And when Esau was forty years old he took to wife Judith the daughter of Beeri the Hittite, and Basemath the daughter of Elon the Hittite. And Esau being forty years old, married wives, Judith the daughter of Beeri the Hethite, and Basemath the daughter of Elon of the same place. And Esau was forty years old, when he took as wives Judith the daughter of Beeri the Hittite, and Basmath the daughter of Elon the Hittite. And when Esau was forty years old he took to wife Judith the daughter of Beeri the Hittite, and Basemath the daughter of Elon the Hittite: And Esau was forty years old when he took for a wife Judith the daughter of Beeri the Hittite, and Bashemath the daughter of Elon the Hittite: When Esau was forty years old, he took as wife Judith, the daughter of Beeri the Hittite, and Basemath, the daughter of Elon the Hittite. And Esau is a son of forty years, and he taketh a wife, Judith, daughter of Beeri the Hittite, and Bashemath, daughter of Elon the Hittite, And Esau was forty years old when he took to wife Judith the daughter of Beeri the Hittite, and Bashemath the daughter of Elon the Hittite: 
Genesis 26:35 Which were a grief of mind unto Isaac and to Rebekah. And they were a grief of mind unto Isaac and to Rebekah. And they both offended the mind of Isaac and Rebecca. And they were a grief of mind to Isaac and to Rebecca. And they were a grief of mind unto Isaac and to Rebekah.Who were a grief of mind to Isaac and Rebekah. They grieved Isaac's and Rebekah's spirits. And they are a bitterness of spirit to Isaac and to Rebekah.Which were a grief of mind to Isaac and to Rebekah.
Genesis 27:1 And it came to pass, that when Isaac was old, and his eyes were dim, so that he could not see, he called Esau his eldest son, and said unto him, My son: and he said unto him, Behold, here am I. And it came to pass, that when Isaac was old, and his eyes were dim, so that he could not see, he called Esau his elder son, and said unto him, My son. And he said unto him, Here am I.Now Isaac was old, and his eyes were dim, and he could not see: and he called Esau, his elder son, and said to him: My son? And he answered: Here I am. And it came to pass when Isaac had become old, and his eyes were dim so that he could not see, that he called Esau his elder son, and said to him, My son! And he said to him, Here am I. And it came to pass, that when Isaac was old, and his eyes were dim, so that he could not see, he called Esau his elder son, and said unto him, My son: and he said unto him, Here am I. And it came to pass, that when Isaac was old, and his eyes were dim, so that he could not see, he called Esau his eldest son, and said to him, My son: and he said to him, Behold, here am I.It happened, that when Isaac was old, and his eyes were dim, so that he could not see, he called Esau his elder son, and said to him, "My son?" He said to him, "Here I am." And it cometh to pass that Isaac is aged, and his eyes are too dim for seeing, and he calleth Esau his elder son, and saith unto him, 'My son;' and he saith unto him, 'Here am I.' And it came to pass, that when Isaac was old, and his eyes were dim, so that he could not see, he called Esau his oldest son, and said to him, My son: and he said to him, Behold, here am I.
Genesis 27:2 And he said, Behold now, I am old, I know not the day of my death: And he said, Behold now, I am old, I know not the day of my death. And his father said to him: Thou seest that I am old, and know not the day of my death. And he said, Behold now, I am become old; I know not the day of my death. And he said, Behold now, I am old, I know not the day of my death. And he said, Behold now, I am old, I know not the day of my death: He said, "See now, I am old. I don't know the day of my death. And he saith, 'Lo, I pray thee, I have become aged, I have not known the day of my death; And he said, Behold now, I am old, I know not the day of my death: 
Genesis 27:3 Now therefore take, I pray thee, thy weapons, thy quiver and thy bow, and go out to the field, and take me some venison; Now therefore take, I pray thee, thy weapons, thy quiver and thy bow, and go out to the field, and take me venison. Take thy arms, thy quiver, and bow, and go abroad: and when thou hast taken some thing by hunting,  And now, I pray thee, take thy weapons, thy quiver and thy bow, and go out to the field and hunt me venison, Now therefore take, I pray thee, thy weapons, thy quiver and thy bow, and go out to the field, and take me venison; Now therefore take, I pray thee, thy weapons, thy quiver and thy bow, and go out to the field, and take me some venison; Now therefore, please take your weapons, your quiver and your bow, and go out to the field, and take me venison. And now, take up, I pray thee, thy instruments, thy quiver, and thy bow, and go out to the field, and hunt for me provision, Now therefore take, I pray you, your weapons, your quiver and your bow, and go out to the field, and take me some venison; 
Genesis 27:4 And make me savoury meat, such as I love, and bring it to me, that I may eat; that my soul may bless thee before I die. And make me savory food, such as I love, and bring it to me, that I may eat. That my soul may bless thee before I die.Make me savoury meat thereof, as thou knowest I like, and bring it, that I may eat: and my soul may bless thee before I die. and prepare me a savoury dish such as I love, and bring it to me that I may eat, in order that my soul may bless thee before I die. And make me savoury meat, such as I love, and bring it to me, that I may eat; that my soul may bless thee before I die. And make me savory meat, such as I love, and bring it to me, that I may eat; that my soul may bless thee before I die.Make me savory food, such as I love, and bring it to me, that I may eat, and that my soul may bless you before I die." and make for me tasteful things, such as I have loved, and bring in to me, and I do eat, so that my soul doth bless thee before I die.' And make me savoury meat, such as I love, and bring it to me, that I may eat; that my soul may bless you before I die.
Genesis 27:5 And Rebekah heard when Isaac spake to Esau his son. And Esau went to the field to hunt for venison, and to bring it. And Rebekah heard when Isaac spake to Esau his son. And Esau went to the field to hunt for venison, and to bring it. And when Rebecca had heard this, and he was gone into the field to fulfill his father's commandment,  And Rebecca heard when Isaac spoke to Esau his son. And Esau went to the field to hunt venison, to bring it. And Rebekah heard when Isaac spake to Esau his son. And Esau went to the field to hunt for venison, and to bring it. And Rebekah heard when Isaac spoke to Esau his son; and Esau went to the field to hunt for venison, and to bring it.Rebekah heard when Isaac spoke to Esau his son. Esau went to the field to hunt for venison, and to bring it. And Rebekah is hearkening while Isaac is speaking unto Esau his son; and Esau goeth to the field to hunt provision &#8212; to bring in; And Rebekah heard when Isaac spoke to Esau his son. And Esau went to the field to hunt for venison, and to bring it.
Genesis 27:6 And Rebekah spake unto Jacob her son, saying, Behold, I heard thy father speak unto Esau thy brother, saying, And Rebekah spake unto Jacob her son, saying, Behold, I heard thy father speak unto Esau thy brother, saying, She said to her son Jacob: I heard thy father talking with Esau thy brother, and saying to him:  And Rebecca spoke to Jacob her son, saying, Behold, I heard thy father speak to Esau thy brother, saying, And Rebekah spake unto Jacob her son, saying, Behold, I heard thy father speak unto Esau thy brother, saying, And Rebekah spoke to Jacob her son, saying, Behold, I heard thy father speak to Esau thy brother, saying, Rebekah spoke to Jacob her son, saying, "Behold, I heard your father speak to Esau your brother, saying, and Rebekah hath spoken unto Jacob her son, saying, 'Lo, I have heard thy father speaking unto Esau thy brother, saying, And Rebekah spoke to Jacob her son, saying, Behold, I heard your father speak to Esau your brother, saying, 
Genesis 27:7 Bring me venison, and make me savoury meat, that I may eat, and bless thee before the LORD before my death.Bring me venison, and make me savory food, that I may eat, and bless thee before Jehovah before my death.Bring me of thy hunting, and make me meats that I may eat, and bless thee in the sight of the Lord, before I die. Bring me venison, and prepare me a savoury dish, that I may eat, and bless thee before Jehovah, before my death.Bring me venison, and make me savoury meat, that I may eat, and bless thee before the LORD before my death.Bring me venison, and make me savory meat, that I may eat, and bless thee before the LORD, before my death.'Bring me venison, and make me savory food, that I may eat, and bless you before Yahweh before my death.' Bring for me provision, and make for me tasteful things, and I do eat, and bless thee before Jehovah before my death.Bring me venison, and make me savoury meat, that I may eat, and bless you before the LORD before my death.
Genesis 27:8 Now therefore, my son, obey my voice according to that which I command thee.Now therefore, my son, obey my voice according to that which I command thee.Now, therefore, my son, follow my counsel:  And now, my son, hearken to my voice in that which I command thee.Now therefore, my son, obey my voice according to that which I command thee.Now therefore, my son, obey my voice, according to that which I command thee.Now therefore, my son, obey my voice according to that which I command you.'And now, my son, hearken to my voice, to that which I am commanding thee: Now therefore, my son, obey my voice according to that which I command you.
Genesis 27:9 Go now to the flock, and fetch me from thence two good kids of the goats; and I will make them savoury meat for thy father, such as he loveth: Go now to the flock, and fetch me from thence two good kids of the goats. And I will make them savory food for thy father, such as he loveth. And go thy way to the flock, bring me two kids of the best, that I may make of them meat for thy father, such as he gladly eateth:  Go, I pray thee, to the flock, and fetch me thence two good kids of the goats. And I will make of them a savoury dish for thy father, such as he loves.Go now to the flock, and fetch me from thence two good kids of the goats; and I will make them savoury meat for thy father, such as he loveth: Go now to the flock, and bring me from thence two good kids of the goats; and I will make them savory meat for thy father, such as he loveth: Go now to the flock, and get me from there two good young goats. I will make them savory food for your father, such as he loves.Go, I pray thee, unto the flock, and take for me from thence two good kids of the goats, and I make them tasteful things for thy father, such as he hath loved; Go now to the flock, and fetch me from there two good kids of the goats; and I will make them savoury meat for your father, such as he loves: 
Genesis 27:10 And thou shalt bring it to thy father, that he may eat, and that he may bless thee before his death. And thou shalt bring it to thy father, that he may eat, so that he may bless thee before his death.Which when thou hast brought in, and he hath eaten, he may bless thee before he die. And thou shalt bring it to thy father, that he may eat, in order that he may bless thee before his death. And thou shalt bring it to thy father, that he may eat, so that he may bless thee before his death. And thou shalt bring it to thy father, that he may eat, and that he may bless thee before his death.You shall bring it to your father, that he may eat, so that he may bless you before his death." and thou hast taken in to thy father, and he hath eaten, so that his soul doth bless thee before his death. And you shall bring it to your father, that he may eat, and that he may bless you before his death.
Genesis 27:11 And Jacob said to Rebekah his mother, Behold, Esau my brother is a hairy man, and I am a smooth man: And Jacob said to Rebekah his mother, Behold, Esau my brother is a hairy man, and I am a smooth man. And he answered her: Thou knowest that Esau my brother is a hairy man, and I am smooth. And Jacob said to Rebecca his mother, Behold, Esau my brother is a hairy man, and I am a smooth man. And Jacob said to Rebekah his mother, Behold, Esau my brother is a hairy man, and I am a smooth man. And Jacob said to Rebekah his mother, Behold, Esau my brother is a hairy man, and I am a smooth man: Jacob said to Rebekah his mother, "Behold, Esau my brother is a hairy man, and I am a smooth man. And Jacob saith unto Rebekah his mother, 'Lo, Esau my brother is a hairy man, and I a smooth man, And Jacob said to Rebekah his mother, Behold, Esau my brother is a hairy man, and I am a smooth man: 
Genesis 27:12 My father peradventure will feel me, and I shall seem to him as a deceiver; and I shall bring a curse upon me, and not a blessing.My father peradventure will feel me, and I shall seem to him as a deceiver. And I shall bring a curse upon me, and not a blessing.If my father shall feel me, and perceive it, I fear lest he will think I would have mocked him, and I shall bring upon me a curse instead of a blessing. My father perhaps will feel me, and I shall be in his sight as one who mocks him, and I shall bring a curse on me, and not a blessing.My father peradventure will feel me, and I shall seem to him as a deceiver; and I shall bring a curse upon me, and not a blessing.My father perhaps will feel me, and I shall seem to him as a deceiver; and I shall bring a curse upon me, and not a blessing.What if my father touches me? I will seem to him as a deceiver, and I would bring a curse on myself, and not a blessing." it may be my father doth feel me, and I have been in his eyes as a deceiver, and have brought upon me disesteem, and not a blessing;' My father peradventure will feel me, and I shall seem to him as a deceiver; and I shall bring a curse on me, and not a blessing.
Genesis 27:13 And his mother said unto him, Upon me be thy curse, my son: only obey my voice, and go fetch me them. And his mother said unto him, Upon me be thy curse, my son. Only obey my voice, and go fetch me them. And his mother said to him: Upon me be this curse, my son: only hear thou my voice, and go, fetch me the things which I have said. And his mother said to him, On me be thy curse, my son! Only hearken to my voice, and go, fetch them. And his mother said unto him, Upon me be thy curse, my son: only obey my voice, and go fetch me them. And his mother said to him, upon me be thy curse, my son; only obey my voice, and go, bring them to me.His mother said to him, "Let your curse be on me, my son. Only obey my voice, and go get them for me." and his mother saith to him, 'On me thy disesteem, my son; only hearken to my voice, and go, take for me.' And his mother said to him, On me be your curse, my son: only obey my voice, and go fetch me them.
Genesis 27:14 And he went, and fetched, and brought them to his mother: and his mother made savoury meat, such as his father loved. And he went, and fetched, and brought them to his mother. And his mother made savory food, such as his father loved.He went, and brought, and gave them to his mother. She dressed meats, such as she knew his father liked. And he went, and fetched and brought them to his mother. And his mother prepared a savoury dish such as his father loved. And he went, and fetched, and brought them to his mother: and his mother made savoury meat, such as his father loved. And he went, and took, and brought them to his mother: and his mother made savory meat, such as his father loved.He went, and got them, and brought them to his mother. His mother made savory food, such as his father loved. And he goeth, and taketh, and bringeth to his mother, and his mother maketh tasteful things, such as his father hath loved; And he went, and fetched, and brought them to his mother: and his mother made savoury meat, such as his father loved.
Genesis 27:15 And Rebekah took goodly raiment of her eldest son Esau, which were with her in the house, and put them upon Jacob her younger son: And Rebekah took the goodly garments of Esau her elder son, which were with her in the house, and put them upon Jacob her younger son. And she put on him very good garments of Esau, which she had at home with her:  And Rebecca took the clothes of her elder son Esau, the costly ones which were with her in the house, and put them on Jacob her younger son; And Rebekah took the goodly raiment of Esau her elder son, which were with her in the house, and put them upon Jacob her younger son: And Rebekah took goodly raiment of her eldest son Esau, which was with her in the house, and put it upon Jacob her younger son: Rebekah took the good clothes of Esau, her elder son, which were with her in the house, and put them on Jacob, her younger son. And Rebekah taketh the desirable garments of Esau her elder son, which are with her in the house, and doth put on Jacob her younger son; And Rebekah took goodly raiment of her oldest son Esau, which were with her in the house, and put them on Jacob her younger son: 
Genesis 27:16 And she put the skins of the kids of the goats upon his hands, and upon the smooth of his neck: And she put the skins of the kids of the goats upon his hands, and upon the smooth of his neck. And the little skins of the kids she put about his hands, and covered the bare of his neck. and she put the skins of the kids of the goats on his hands, and on the smooth of his neck; and she put the skins of the kids of the goats upon his hands, and upon the smooth of his neck: And she put the skins of the kids of the goats on his hands, and on the smooth part of his neck: She put the skins of the young goats on his hands, and on the smooth of his neck. And the skins of the kids of the goats she hath put on his hands, and on the smooth of his neck, And she put the skins of the kids of the goats on his hands, and on the smooth of his neck: 
Genesis 27:17 And she gave the savoury meat and the bread, which she had prepared, into the hand of her son Jacob. And she gave the savory food and the bread, which she had prepared, into the hand of her son Jacob. And she gave him the savoury meat, and delivered him bread that she had baked. and she gave the savoury dishes and the bread that she had prepared into the hand of her son Jacob. And she gave the savoury meat and the bread, which she had prepared, into the hand of her son Jacob. And she gave the savory meat, and the bread which she had prepared, into the hand of her son Jacob. She gave the savory food and the bread, which she had prepared, into the hand of her son Jacob. And she giveth the tasteful things, and the bread which she hath made, into the hand of Jacob her son. And she gave the savoury meat and the bread, which she had prepared, into the hand of her son Jacob.
Genesis 27:18 And he came unto his father, and said, My father: and he said, Here am I; who art thou, my son? And he came unto his father, and said, My father. And he said, Here am I. Who art thou, my son? Which when he had carried in, he said: My father? But he answered: I hear. Who art thou, my son?  And he came to his father, and said, My father! And he said, Here am I: who art thou, my son? And he came unto his father, and said, My father: and he said, Here am I; who art thou, my son? And he came to his father, and said, My father: And he said, Here am I; who art thou, my son? He came to his father, and said, "My father?" He said, "Here I am. Who are you, my son?" And he cometh in unto his father, and saith, 'My father;' and he saith, 'Here am I; who art thou, my son?' And he came to his father, and said, My father: and he said, Here am I; who are you, my son? 
Genesis 27:19 And Jacob said unto his father, I am Esau thy firstborn; I have done according as thou badest me: arise, I pray thee, sit and eat of my venison, that thy soul may bless me. And Jacob said unto his father, I am Esau thy first-born; I have done according as thou badest me: arise, I pray thee, sit and eat of my venison, that thy soul may bless me. And Jacob said: I am Esau thy firstborn: I have done as thou didst command me: arise, sit, and eat of my venison, that thy soul may bless me. And Jacob said to his father, I am Esau, thy firstborn. I have done according as thou didst say to me. Arise, I pray thee, sit and eat of my venison, in order that thy soul may bless me. And Jacob said unto his father, I am Esau thy firstborn; I have done according as thou badest me: arise, I pray thee, sit and eat of my venison, that thy soul may bless me. And Jacob said to his father, I am Esau thy first-born; I have done according as thou badest me: arise, I pray thee, sit and eat of my venison, that thy soul may bless me.Jacob said to his father, "I am Esau your firstborn. I have done what you asked me to do. Please arise, sit and eat of my venison, that your soul may bless me." And Jacob saith unto his father, 'I am Esau thy first-born; I have done as thou hast spoken unto me; rise, I pray thee, sit, and eat of my provision, so that thy soul doth bless me.' And Jacob said to his father, I am Esau your first born; I have done according as you bade me: arise, I pray you, sit and eat of my venison, that your soul may bless me.
Genesis 27:20 And Isaac said unto his son, How is it that thou hast found it so quickly, my son? And he said, Because the LORD thy God brought it to me. And Isaac said unto his son, How is it that thou hast found it so quickly, my son? And he said, Because Jehovah thy God sent me good speed. And Isaac said to his son: How couldst thou find it so quickly, my son?  And Isaac said to his son, How is it that thou hast found it so quickly, my son? And he said, Because Jehovah thy God put it in my way. And Isaac said unto his son, How is it that thou hast found it so quickly, my son? And he said, Because the LORD thy God sent me good speed. And Isaac said to his son, How is it that thou hast found it so quickly, my son? And he said, Because the LORD thy God brought it to me.Isaac said to his son, "How is it that you have found it so quickly, my son?" He said, "Because Yahweh your God gave me success." And Isaac saith unto his son, 'What is this thou hast hasted to find, my son?' and he saith, 'That which Jehovah thy God hath caused to come before me.' And Isaac said to his son, How is it that you have found it so quickly, my son? And he said, Because the LORD your God brought it to me.
Genesis 27:21 And Isaac said unto Jacob, Come near, I pray thee, that I may feel thee, my son, whether thou be my very son Esau or not. And Isaac said unto Jacob, Come near, I pray thee, that I may feel thee, my son, whether thou be my very son Esau or not. And Isaac said: Come hither, that I may feel thee, my son, and may prove whether thou be my son Esau, or not. And Isaac said to Jacob, Come near, I pray thee, that I may feel thee, my son, whether thou be really my son Esau or not. And Isaac said unto Jacob, Come near, I pray thee, that I may feel thee, my son, whether thou be my very son Esau or not. And Isaac said to Jacob, Come near, I pray thee, that I may feel thee, my son, whether thou art my very son Esau, or not.Isaac said to Jacob, "Please come near, that I may feel you, my son, whether you are really my son Esau or not." And Isaac saith unto Jacob, 'Come nigh, I pray thee, and I feel thee, my son, whether thou art he, my son Esau, or not.' And Isaac said to Jacob, Come near, I pray you, that I may feel you, my son, whether you be my very son Esau or not.
Genesis 27:22 And Jacob went near unto Isaac his father; and he felt him, and said, The voice is Jacob's voice, but the hands are the hands of Esau. And Jacob went near unto Isaac his father. And he felt him, and said, The voice is Jacob's voice, but the hands are the hands of Esau.He came near to his father, and when he had felt him, Isaac said: The voice indeed is the voice of Jacob; but the hands are the hands of Esau. And Jacob drew near to Isaac his father; and he felt him, and said, The voice is Jacob's voice, but the hands are the hands of Esau. And Jacob went near unto Isaac his father; and he felt him, and said, The voice is Jacob's voice, but the hands are the hands of Esau. And Jacob went near to Isaac his father; and he felt him, and said, The voice is Jacob's voice, but the hands are the hands of Esau.Jacob went near to Isaac his father. He felt him, and said, "The voice is Jacob's voice, but the hands are the hands of Esau." And Jacob cometh nigh unto Isaac his father, and he feeleth him, and saith, 'The voice is the voice of Jacob, and the hands hands of Esau.' And Jacob went near to Isaac his father; and he felt him, and said, The voice is Jacob's voice, but the hands are the hands of Esau.
Genesis 27:23 And he discerned him not, because his hands were hairy, as his brother Esau's hands: so he blessed him. And he discerned him not, because his hands were hairy, as his brother Esau's hands. So he blessed him. And he did not discern him, because his hands were hairy, as his brother Esau's hands; and he blessed him. And he discerned him not, because his hands were hairy, as his brother Esau's hands: so he blessed him. And he discerned him not, because his hands were hairy, as his brother Esau's hands: So he blessed him.He didn't recognize him, because his hands were hairy, like his brother, Esau's hands. So he blessed him. And he hath not discerned him, for his hands have been hairy, as the hands of Esau his brother, and he blesseth him, And he discerned him not, because his hands were hairy, as his brother Esau's hands: so he blessed him.
Genesis 27:24 And he said, Art thou my very son Esau? And he said, I am. And he said, Art thou my very son Esau? And he said, I am.He said: Art thou my son Esau? He answered: I am. And he said, Art thou really my son Esau? And he said, It is I. And he said, Art thou my very son Esau? And he said, I am. And he said, Art thou my very son Esau? And he said, I am.He said, "Are you really my son Esau?" He said, "I am." and saith, 'Thou art he &#8212; my son Esau?' and he saith, 'I am.' And he said, Are you my very son Esau? And he said, I am.
Genesis 27:25 And he said, Bring it near to me, and I will eat of my son's venison, that my soul may bless thee. And he brought it near to him, and he did eat: and he brought him wine, and he drank. And he said, Bring it near to me, and I will eat of my son's venison, that my soul may bless thee. And he brought it near to him, and he did eat. And he brought him wine, and he drank. Then he said: Bring me the meats of thy hunting, my son, that my soul may bless thee. And when they were brought, and he had eaten, he offered him wine also, which after he had drunk,  And he said, Bring it near to me, that I may eat of my son's venison, in order that my soul may bless thee. And he brought it near to him, and he ate; and he brought him wine, and he drank. And he said, Bring it near to me, and I will eat of my son's venison, that my soul may bless thee. And he brought it near to him, and he did eat: and he brought him wine, and he drank. And he said, bring it near to me, and I will eat of my son's venison, that my soul may bless thee. And he brought it near to him, and he ate: and he brought him wine, and he drank.He said, "Bring it near to me, and I will eat of my son's venison, that my soul may bless you." He brought it near to him, and he ate. He brought him wine, and he drank. And he saith, 'Bring nigh to me, and I do eat of my son's provision, so that my soul doth bless thee;' and he bringeth nigh to him, and he eateth; and he bringeth to him wine, and he drinketh. And he said, Bring it near to me, and I will eat of my son's venison, that my soul may bless you. And he brought it near to him, and he did eat: and he brought him wine and he drank.
Genesis 27:26 And his father Isaac said unto him, Come near now, and kiss me, my son. And his father Isaac said unto him, Come near now, and kiss me, my son.He said to him: Come near me, and give me a kiss, my son. And his father Isaac said to him, Come near, now, and kiss me, my son. And his father Isaac said unto him, Come near now, and kiss me, my son. And his father Isaac said to him, Come near now, and kiss me, my son.His father Isaac said to him, "Come near now, and kiss me, my son." And Isaac his father saith to him, 'Come nigh, I pray thee, and kiss me, my son;' And his father Isaac said to him, Come near now, and kiss me, my son.
Genesis 27:27 And he came near, and kissed him: and he smelled the smell of his raiment, and blessed him, and said, See, the smell of my son is as the smell of a field which the LORD hath blessed: And he came near, and kissed him. And he smelled the smell of his raiment, and blessed him, and said, See, the smell of my son Is as the smell of a field which Jehovah hath blessed.He came near, and kissed him. And immediately as he smelled the fragrant smell of his garments, blessing him, he said: Behold the smell of my son is as the smell of a plentiful field, which Lord hath blessed. And he came near, and kissed him. And he smelt the smell of his clothes, and blessed him, and said, See, the smell of my son is as the smell of a field which Jehovah hath blessed. And he came near, and kissed him: and he smelled the smell of his raiment, and blessed him, and said, See, the smell of my son Is as the smell of a field which the LORD hath blessed: And he came near, and kissed him: and he smelled the smell of his raiment, and blessed him, and said, See, the smell of my son is as the smell of a field which the LORD hath blessed: He came near, and kissed him. He smelled the smell of his clothing, and blessed him, and said, "Behold, the smell of my son is as the smell of a field which Yahweh has blessed. And he cometh nigh, and kisseth him, and he smelleth the fragrance of his garments, and blesseth him, and saith, 'See, the fragrance of my son is as the fragrance of a field which Jehovah hath blessed; And he came near, and kissed him: and he smelled the smell of his raiment, and blessed him, and said, See, the smell of my son is as the smell of a field which the LORD has blessed: 
Genesis 27:28 Therefore God give thee of the dew of heaven, and the fatness of the earth, and plenty of corn and wine: And God give thee of the dew of heaven, And of the fatness of the earth, And plenty of grain and new wine.God give thee the dew of heaven, and of the fatness of the earth, abundance of corn and wine. And God give thee of the dew of heaven, And of the fatness of the earth, And plenty of corn and new wine. And God give thee of the dew of heaven, And of the fatness of the earth, And plenty of corn and wine: Therefore God give thee of the dew of heaven, and the fatness of the earth, and plenty of corn and wine: God give you of the dew of the sky, of the fatness of the earth, and plenty of grain and new wine. And God doth give to thee of the dew of heaven, and of the fatness of the earth, and abundance of corn and wine; Therefore God give you of the dew of heaven, and the fatness of the earth, and plenty of corn and wine: 
Genesis 27:29 Let people serve thee, and nations bow down to thee: be lord over thy brethren, and let thy mother's sons bow down to thee: cursed be every one that curseth thee, and blessed be he that blesseth thee.Let peoples serve thee, And nations bow down to thee. Be lord over thy brethren, And let thy mother's sons bow down to thee. Cursed be every one that curseth thee, And blessed be every one that blesseth thee. And let peoples serve thee, and tribes worship thee: be thou lord of thy brethren, and let they mother's children bow down before thee. Cursed be he that curseth thee: and let him that blesseth thee be filled with blessings. Let peoples serve thee, And races bow down to thee. Be lord over thy brethren, And let thy mother's sons bow down to thee. Cursed be they that curse thee, And blessed be they that bless thee.Let peoples serve thee, And nations bow down to thee: Be lord over thy brethren, And let thy mother's sons bow down to thee: Cursed be every one that curseth thee, And blessed be every one that blesseth thee.Let people serve thee, and nations bow down to thee; be lord over thy brethren, and let thy mother's sons bow down to thee: cursed be every one that curseth thee, and blessed be he that blesseth thee.Let peoples serve you, and nations bow down to you. Be lord over your brothers. Let your mother's sons bow down to you. Cursed be everyone who curses you. Blessed be everyone who blesses you." peoples serve thee, and nations bow themselves to thee, be thou mighty over thy brethren, and the sons of thy mother bow themselves to thee; those who curse thee are cursed, and those who bless thee are blessed.' Let people serve you, and nations bow down to you: be lord over your brothers, and let your mother's sons bow down to you: cursed be every one that curses you, and blessed be he that blesses you.
Genesis 27:30 And it came to pass, as soon as Isaac had made an end of blessing Jacob, and Jacob was yet scarce gone out from the presence of Isaac his father, that Esau his brother came in from his hunting. And it came to pass, as soon as Isaac had made an end of blessing Jacob, and Jacob was yet scarce gone out from the presence of Isaac his father, that Esau his brother came in from his hunting.Isaac had scarce ended his words, when Jacob being now gone out abroad, Esau came,  And it came to pass when Isaac had ended blessing Jacob, and when Jacob was only just gone out from Isaac his father, that Esau his brother came from his hunting. And it came to pass, as soon as Isaac had made an end of blessing Jacob, and Jacob was yet scarce gone out from the presence of Isaac his father, that Esau his brother came in from his hunting. And it came to pass, as soon as Isaac had made an end of blessing Jacob, and Jacob had yet scarcely gone out from the presence of Isaac his father, that Esau his brother came in from his hunting.It happened, as soon as Isaac had made an end of blessing Jacob, and Jacob had just gone out from the presence of Isaac his father, that Esau his brother came in from his hunting. And it cometh to pass, as Isaac hath finished blessing Jacob, and Jacob is only just going out from the presence of Isaac his father, that Esau his brother hath come in from his hunting; And it came to pass, as soon as Isaac had made an end of blessing Jacob, and Jacob was yet scarce gone out from the presence of Isaac his father, that Esau his brother came in from his hunting.
Genesis 27:31 And he also had made savoury meat, and brought it unto his father, and said unto his father, Let my father arise, and eat of his son's venison, that thy soul may bless me. And he also made savory food, and brought it unto his father. And he said unto his father, Let my father arise, and eat of his son's venison, that thy soul may bless me. And brought in to his father meats made of what he had taken in hunting, saying: Arise, my father, and eat of thy son's venison; that thy soul may bless me. And he also had prepared savoury dishes, and he brought them in to his father, and said to his father, Let my father arise and eat of his son's venison, in order that thy soul may bless me. And he also made savoury meat, and brought it unto his father; and he said unto his father, Let my father arise, and eat of his son's venison, that thy soul may bless me. And he also had made savory meat, and brought it to his father; and said to his father, Let my father arise, and eat of his son's venison, that thy soul may bless me.He also made savory food, and brought it to his father. He said to his father, "Let my father arise, and eat of his son's venison, that your soul may bless me." and he also maketh tasteful things, and bringeth to his father, and saith to his father, 'Let my father arise, and eat of his son's provision, so that thy soul doth bless me.' And he also had made savoury meat, and brought it to his father, and said to his father, Let my father arise, and eat of his son's venison, that your soul may bless me.
Genesis 27:32 And Isaac his father said unto him, Who art thou? And he said, I am thy son, thy firstborn Esau. And Isaac his father said unto him, Who art thou? And he said, I am thy son, thy first-born, Esau. And Isaac said to him: Why! who art thou? He answered: I am thy firstborn son Esau. And Isaac his father said to him, Who art thou? And he said, I am thy son, thy firstborn, Esau. And Isaac his father said unto him, Who art thou? And he said, I am thy son, thy firstborn, Esau. And Isaac his father said to him, Who art thou? And he said, I am thy son, thy first-born Esau.Isaac his father said to him, "Who are you?" He said, "I am your son, your firstborn, Esau." And Isaac his father saith to him, 'Who art thou?' and he saith, 'I am thy son, thy first-born, Esau;' And Isaac his father said to him, Who are you? And he said, I am your son, your firstborn Esau.
Genesis 27:33 And Isaac trembled very exceedingly, and said, Who? where is he that hath taken venison, and brought it me, and I have eaten of all before thou camest, and have blessed him? yea, and he shall be blessed. And Isaac trembled very exceedingly, and said, Who then is he that hath taken venison, and brought it me, and I have eaten of all before thou camest, and have blessed him? Yea, and he shall be blessed.Isaac was struck with fear, and astonished exceedingly: and wondering beyond what can be believed, said Who is he then the even now brought me venison that he had taken, and I ate of all before thou camest? and I have blessed him, and he shall be blessed. Then Isaac trembled with exceeding great trembling, and said, Who was he, then, that hunted venison and brought it to me? And I have eaten of all before thou camest, and have blessed him; also blessed he shall be. And Isaac trembled very exceedingly, and said, Who then is he that hath taken venison, and brought it me, and I have eaten of all before thou camest, and have blessed him? yea, and he shall be blessed. And Isaac trembled exceedingly, and said, Who? where is he that hath taken venison, and brought it me, and I have eaten of all before thou camest, and have blessed him? yea, and he shall be blessed.Isaac trembled violently, and said, "Who, then, is he who has taken venison, and brought it me, and I have eaten of all before you came, and have blessed him? Yes, he will be blessed." and Isaac trembleth a very great trembling, and saith, 'Who, now, is he who hath provided provision, and bringeth in to me, and I eat of all before thou comest in, and I bless him? &#8212; yea, blessed is he.' And Isaac trembled very exceedingly, and said, Who? where is he that has taken venison, and brought it me, and I have eaten of all before you came, and have blessed him? yes, and he shall be blessed.
Genesis 27:34 And when Esau heard the words of his father, he cried with a great and exceeding bitter cry, and said unto his father, Bless me, even me also, O my father.When Esau heard the words of his father, he cried with an exceeding great and bitter cry, and said unto his father, Bless me, even me also, O my father.Esau having heard his father's words, roared out with a great cry: and being in a great consternation, said: Bless me also, my father. When Esau heard the words of his father, he cried with a great and exceeding bitter cry, and said to his father, Bless me me also, my father! When Esau heard the words of his father, he cried with an exceeding great and bitter cry, and said unto his father, Bless me, even me also, O my father. And when Esau heard the words of his father, he cried with a great and exceedingly bitter cry, and said to his father, Bless me, even me also, O my father.When Esau heard the words of his father, he cried with an exceeding great and bitter cry, and said to his father, "Bless me, even me also, my father." When Esau heareth the words of his father, then he crieth a very great and bitter cry, and saith to his father, 'Bless me, me also, O my father;' And when Esau heard the words of his father, he cried with a great and exceeding bitter cry, and said to his father, Bless me, even me also, O my father.
Genesis 27:35 And he said, Thy brother came with subtilty, and hath taken away thy blessing. And he said, Thy brother came with guile, and hath taken away thy blessing. And he said: Thy brother came deceitfully and got thy blessing. And he said, Thy brother came with subtilty, and has taken away thy blessing. And he said, Thy brother came with guile, and hath taken away thy blessing. And he said, Thy brother came with subtilty, and hath taken away thy blessing.He said, "Your brother came with deceit, and has taken away your blessing." and he saith, 'Thy brother hath come with subtilty, and taketh thy blessing.' And he said, Your brother came with subtlety, and has taken away your blessing.
Genesis 27:36 And he said, Is not he rightly named Jacob? for he hath supplanted me these two times: he took away my birthright; and, behold, now he hath taken away my blessing. And he said, Hast thou not reserved a blessing for me? And he said, Is not he rightly name Jacob? for he hath supplanted me these two time. He took away my birthright. And, behold, now he hath taken away my blessing. And he said, Hast thou not reserved a blessing for me? But he said again: Rightly is his name called Jacob; for he hath supplanted me lo this second time: my first birthright he took away before, and now this second time he hath stolen away my blessing. And again he said to his father: Hast thou not reserved me also a blessing?  And he said, Is it not therefore he was named Jacob, for he has supplanted me now twice? He took away my birthright, and behold, now he has taken away my blessing. And he said, Hast thou not reserved a blessing for me? And he said, Is not he rightly named Jacob? for he hath supplanted me these two times: he took away my birthright; and, behold, now he hath taken away my blessing. And he said, Hast thou not reserved a blessing for me? And he said, Is he not rightly named Jacob? for he hath supplanted me twice: he took away my birth-right; and behold, now he hath taken away my blessing. And he said, Hast thou not reserved a blessing for me? He said, "Isn't he rightly named Jacob? For he has supplanted me these two times. He took away my birthright. See, now he has taken away my blessing." He said, "Haven't you reserved a blessing for me?" And he saith, 'Is it because one called his name Jacob that he doth take me by the heel these two times? my birthright he hath taken; and lo, now, he hath taken my blessing;' he saith also, 'Hast thou not kept back a blessing for me?' And he said, Is not he rightly named Jacob? for he has supplanted me these two times: he took away my birthright; and, behold, now he has taken away my blessing. And he said, Have you not reserved a blessing for me? 
Genesis 27:37 And Isaac answered and said unto Esau, Behold, I have made him thy lord, and all his brethren have I given to him for servants; and with corn and wine have I sustained him: and what shall I do now unto thee, my son? And Isaac answered and said unto Esau, Behold, I have made him thy lord, and all his brethren have I given to him for servants. And with grain and new wine have I sustained him. And what then shall I do for thee, my son? Isaac answered: I have appointed him thy lord, and have made all his brethren his servants: I have established him with corn and wine, and after this, what shall I do more for thee, my son?  And Isaac answered and said to Esau, Behold, I have made him lord over thee, and all his brethren have I given to him for servants, and with corn and new wine have I supplied him and what can I do now for thee, my son? And Isaac answered and said unto Esau, Behold, I have made him thy lord, and all his brethren have I given to him for servants; and with corn and wine have I sustained him: and what then shall I do for thee, my son? And Isaac answered and said to Esau, Behold, I have made him thy lord, and all his brethren have I given to him for servants; and with corn and wine have I sustained him: and what shall I do now to thee, my son? Isaac answered Esau, "Behold, I have made him your lord, and all his brothers have I given to him for servants. With grain and new wine have I sustained him. What then will I do for you, my son?" And Isaac answereth and saith to Esau, 'Lo, a mighty one have I set him over thee, and all his brethren have I given to him for servants, and with corn and wine have I sustained him; and for thee now, what shall I do, my son?' And Isaac answered and said to Esau, Behold, I have made him your lord, and all his brothers have I given to him for servants; and with corn and wine have I sustained him: and what shall I do now to you, my son? 
Genesis 27:38 And Esau said unto his father, Hast thou but one blessing, my father? bless me, even me also, O my father. And Esau lifted up his voice, and wept. And Esau said unto his father, Hast thou but one blessing, my father? Bless me, even me also, O my father. And Esau lifted up his voice, and wept. And Esac said to him: Hast thou only one blessing, father? I beseech thee bless me also. And when he wept with a loud cry,  And Esau said to his father, Hast thou then but one blessing, my father? bless me me also, my father! And Esau lifted up his voice and wept. And Esau said unto his father, Hast thou but one blessing, my father? bless me, even me also, O my father. And Esau lifted up his voice, and wept. And Esau said to his father, Hast thou but one blessing, my father? bless me, even me also, O my father. And Esau lifted up his voice, and wept.Esau said to his father, "Have you but one blessing, my father? Bless me, even me also, my father." Esau lifted up his voice, and wept. And Esau saith unto his father, 'One blessing hast thou my father? bless me, me also, O my father;' and Esau lifteth up his voice, and weepeth. And Esau said to his father, Have you but one blessing, my father? bless me, even me also, O my father. And Esau lifted up his voice, and wept.
Genesis 27:39 And Isaac his father answered and said unto him, Behold, thy dwelling shall be the fatness of the earth, and of the dew of heaven from above; And Isaac his father answered and said unto him, Behold, of the fatness of the earth shall be thy dwelling, And of the dew of heaven from above.Isaac being moved, said to him: In the fat of the earth, and in the dew of heaven from above,  And Isaac his father answered and said to him, Behold, thy dwelling shall be of the fatness of the earth, And of the dew of heaven from above; And Isaac his father answered and said unto him, Behold, of the fatness of the earth shall be thy dwelling, And of the dew of heaven from above; And Isaac his father answered, and said to him, Behold, thy dwelling shall be the fatness of the earth, and of the dew of heaven from above; Isaac his father answered him, "Behold, of the fatness of the earth will be your dwelling, and of the dew of the sky from above. And Isaac his father answereth and saith unto him, 'Lo, of the fatness of the earth is thy dwelling, and of the dew of the heavens from above; And Isaac his father answered and said to him, Behold, your dwelling shall be the fatness of the earth, and of the dew of heaven from above; 
Genesis 27:40 And by thy sword shalt thou live, and shalt serve thy brother; and it shall come to pass when thou shalt have the dominion, that thou shalt break his yoke from off thy neck. And by thy sword shalt thou live, and thou shalt serve thy brother. And it shall come to pass, when thou shalt break loose, That thou shalt shake his yoke from off thy neck. Shall thy blessing be. Thou shalt live by the sword and shalt serve thy brother: and the time shall come, when thou shalt shake off and loose his yoke from thy neck. And by thy sword shalt thou live; And thou shalt serve thy brother; And it shall come to pass when thou rovest about, That thou shalt break his yoke from off thy neck. And by thy sword shalt thou live, and thou shalt serve thy brother; And it shall come to pass when thou shalt break loose, That thou shalt shake his yoke from off thy neck. And by thy sword shalt thou live, and shalt serve thy brother: and it shall come to pass when thou shalt have the dominion, that thou shalt break his yoke from off thy neck.By your sword will you live, and you will serve your brother. It will happen, when you will break loose, that you shall shake his yoke from off your neck." and by thy sword dost thou live, and thy brother dost thou serve; and it hath come to pass when thou rulest, that thou hast broken his yoke from off thy neck.' And by your sword shall you live, and shall serve your brother; and it shall come to pass when you shall have the dominion, that you shall break his yoke from off your neck.
Genesis 27:41 And Esau hated Jacob because of the blessing wherewith his father blessed him: and Esau said in his heart, The days of mourning for my father are at hand; then will I slay my brother Jacob. And Esau hated Jacob because of the blessing wherewith his father blessed him. And Esau said in his heart, The days of mourning for my father are at hand. Then will I slay my brother Jacob.Esau therefore always hated Jacob for the blessing wherewith his father had blessed him: and he said in his heart: The days will come of the mourning of my father, and I will kill my brother Jacob. And Esau hated Jacob because of the blessing with which his father had blessed him. And Esau said in his heart, The days of mourning for my father are at hand, and I will slay my brother Jacob. And Esau hated Jacob because of the blessing wherewith his father blessed him: and Esau said in his heart, The days of mourning for my father are at hand; then will I slay my brother Jacob. And Esau hated Jacob, because of the blessing with which his father blessed him: and Esau said in his heart, The days of mourning for my father are at hand; then will I slay my brother Jacob.Esau hated Jacob because of the blessing with which his father blessed him. Esau said in his heart, "The days of mourning for my father are at hand. Then I will kill my brother Jacob." And Esau hateth Jacob, because of the blessing with which his father blessed him, and Esau saith in his heart, 'The days of mourning for my father draw near, and I slay Jacob my brother.' And Esau hated Jacob because of the blessing with which his father blessed him: and Esau said in his heart, The days of mourning for my father are at hand; then will I slay my brother Jacob.
Genesis 27:42 And these words of Esau her elder son were told to Rebekah: and she sent and called Jacob her younger son, and said unto him, Behold, thy brother Esau, as touching thee, doth comfort himself, purposing to kill thee. And the words of Esau her elder son were told to Rebekah. And she sent and called Jacob her younger son, and said unto him, Behold, thy brother Esau, as touching thee, doth comfort himself, purposing to kill thee. These things were told to Rebecca: and she sent and called Jacob her son, and said to him: Behold Esau thy brother threateneth to kill thee. And the words of Esau her elder son were told to Rebecca. And she sent and called Jacob her younger son, and said to him, Behold, thy brother Esau, as touching thee, comforts himself that he will kill thee. And the words of Esau her elder son were told to Rebekah; and she sent and called Jacob her younger son, and said unto him, Behold, thy brother Esau, as touching thee, doth comfort himself, purposing to kill thee. And these words of Esau her elder son were told to Rebekah: and she sent and called Jacob her younger son, and said to him, Behold, thy brother Esau, as concerning thee, doth comfort himself, purposing to kill thee. The words of Esau, her elder son, were told to Rebekah. She sent and called Jacob, her younger son, and said to him, "Behold, your brother Esau comforts himself about you by planning to kill you. And the words of Esau her elder son are declared to Rebekah, and she sendeth and calleth for Jacob her younger son, and saith unto him, 'Lo, Esau thy brother is comforting himself in regard to thee &#8212; to slay thee; And these words of Esau her elder son were told to Rebekah: and she sent and called Jacob her younger son, and said to him, Behold, your brother Esau, as touching you, does comfort himself, purposing to kill you.
Genesis 27:43 Now therefore, my son, obey my voice; and arise, flee thou to Laban my brother to Haran; Now therefore, my son, obey my voice. And arise, flee thou to Laban my brother to Haran.Now therefore, my son, hear my voice: arise and flee to Laban my brother to Haran:  And now, my son, hearken to my voice, and arise, flee to Laban my brother, to Haran; Now therefore, my son, obey my voice; and arise, flee thou to Laban my brother to Haran; Now therefore, my son, obey my voice: and arise, flee thou to Laban my brother to Haran; Now therefore, my son, obey my voice. Arise, flee to Laban, my brother, in Haran. And now, my son, hearken to my voice, and rise, flee for thyself unto Laban my brother, to Haran, Now therefore, my son, obey my voice; arise, flee you to Laban my brother to Haran; 
Genesis 27:44 And tarry with him a few days, until thy brother's fury turn away; And tarry with him a few days, until thy brother's fury turn away. And thou shalt dwell with him a few days, till wrath of thy brother be assuaged,  and abide with him some days, until thy brother's fury turn away &#8212; and tarry with him a few days, until thy brother's fury turn away; And tarry with him a few days, until thy brother's fury shall turn away; Stay with him a few days, until your brother's fury turns away; and thou hast dwelt with him some days, till thy brother's fury turn back, And tarry with him a few days, until your brother's fury turn away; 
Genesis 27:45 Until thy brother's anger turn away from thee, and he forget that which thou hast done to him: then I will send, and fetch thee from thence: why should I be deprived also of you both in one day? Until thy brother's anger turn away from thee, and he forget that which thou hast done to him. Then I will send, and fetch thee from thence. Why should I be bereaved of you both in one day? And his indignation cease, and he forget the things thou hast done to him: afterwards I will send, and bring thee from thence hither. Why shall I be deprived of both my sons in one day?  until thy brother's anger turn away from thee, and he forget what thou hast done to him; then I will send and fetch thee thence. Why should I be bereaved even of you both in one day? until thy brother's anger turn away from thee, and he forget that which thou hast done to him: then I will send, and fetch thee from thence: why should I be bereaved of you both in one day? Till thy brother's anger shall turn away from thee, and he shall forget that which thou hast done to him: then I will send, and bring thee from thence. Why should I be deprived also of you both in one day? until your brother's anger turn away from you, and he forgets what you have done to him. Then I will send, and get you from there. Why should I be bereaved of you both in one day?" till thy brother's anger turn back from thee, and he hath forgotten that which thou hast done to him, and I have sent and taken thee from thence; why am I bereaved even of you both the same day?' Until your brother's anger turn away from you, and he forget that which you have done to him: then I will send, and fetch you from there: why should I be deprived also of you both in one day? 
Genesis 27:46 And Rebekah said to Isaac, I am weary of my life because of the daughters of Heth: if Jacob take a wife of the daughters of Heth, such as these which are of the daughters of the land, what good shall my life do me? And Rebekah said to Isaac, I am weary of my life because of the daughters of Heth. If Jacob take a wife of the daughters of Heth, such as these, of the daughters of the land, what good shall my life do me? And Rebecca said to Isaac: I am weary of my life because of the daughters of Heth: if Jacob take a wife of the stock of this land, I choose not to live. And Rebecca said to Isaac, I am weary of my life because of the daughters of Heth. If Jacob take a wife of the daughters of Heth, such as these, of the daughters of the land, what good should my life do me? And Rebekah said to Isaac, I am weary of my life because of the daughters of Heth: if Jacob take a wife of the daughters of Heth, such as these, of the daughters of the land, what good shall my life do me? And Rebekah said to Isaac, I am weary of my life, because of the daughters of Heth: if Jacob shall take a wife of the daughters of Heth, such as these who are of the daughters of the land, what good will my life do me? Rebekah said to Isaac, "I am weary of my life because of the daughters of Heth. If Jacob takes a wife of the daughters of Heth, such as these, of the daughters of the land, what good will my life do me?" And Rebekah saith unto Isaac, 'I have been disgusted with my life because of the presence of the daughters of Heth; if Jacob take a wife of the daughters of Heth, like these &#8212; from the daughters of the land &#8212; why do I live?' And Rebekah said to Isaac, I am weary of my life because of the daughters of Heth: if Jacob take a wife of the daughters of Heth, such as these which are of the daughters of the land, what good shall my life do me? 
Genesis 28:1 And Isaac called Jacob, and blessed him, and charged him, and said unto him, Thou shalt not take a wife of the daughters of Canaan. And Isaac called Jacob, and blessed him, and charged him, and said unto him, Thou shalt not take a wife of the daughters of Canaan. And Isaac called Jacob, and blessed him, and charged him, saying: Take not a wife of the stock of Chanaan:  And Isaac called Jacob, and blessed him, and charged him, and said to him, Thou shalt not take a wife of the daughters of Canaan. And Isaac called Jacob, and blessed him, and charged him, and said unto him, Thou shalt not take a wife of the daughters of Canaan. And Isaac called Jacob, and blessed him, and charged him, and said to him, Thou shalt not take a wife of the daughters of Canaan.Isaac called Jacob, blessed him, and commanded him, "You shall not take a wife of the daughters of Canaan. And Isaac calleth unto Jacob, and blesseth him, and commandeth him, and saith to him, 'Thou dost not take a wife of the daughters of Caanan; And Isaac called Jacob, and blessed him, and charged him, and said to him, You shall not take a wife of the daughters of Canaan.
Genesis 28:2 Arise, go to Padanaram, to the house of Bethuel thy mother's father; and take thee a wife from thence of the daughters of Laban thy mother's brother. Arise, go to Paddan-aram, to the house of Bethuel thy mother's father. And take thee a wife from thence of the daughters of Laban thy mother's brother.But go, and take a journey to Mesopotamia of Syria, to the house of Bathuel thy mother's father, and take thee a wife thence of the daughters of Laban thy uncle. Arise, go to Padan-Aram, to the house of Bethuel thy mother's father, and take a wife thence of the daughters of Laban thy mother's brother. Arise, go to Paddan-aram, to the house of Bethuel thy mother's father; and take thee a wife from thence of the daughters of Laban thy mother's brother. Arise, go to Padan-aram, to the house of Bethuel thy mother's father; and take thee a wife from thence of the daughters of Laban thy mother's brother. Arise, go to Paddan Aram, to the house of Bethuel your mother's father. Take a wife from there from the daughters of Laban, your mother's brother.rise, go to Padan-Aram, to the house of Bethuel, thy mother's father, and take for thyself from thence a wife, of the daughters of Laban, thy mother's brother; Arise, go to Padanaram, to the house of Bethuel your mother's father; and take you a wife from there of the daughers of Laban your mother's brother.
Genesis 28:3 And God Almighty bless thee, and make thee fruitful, and multiply thee, that thou mayest be a multitude of people; And God Almighty bless thee, and make thee fruitful, and multiply thee, that thou mayest be a company of peoples. And God almighty bless thee, and make thee to increase, and multiply thee: that thou mayst be a multitude of people. And the Almighty God bless thee, and make thee fruitful and multiply thee, that thou mayest become a company of peoples. And God Almighty bless thee, and make thee fruitful, and multiply thee, that thou mayest be a company of peoples; And God Almighty bless thee, and make thee fruitful, and multiply thee, that thou mayest be a multitude of people; May God Almighty bless you, and make you fruitful, and multiply you, that you may be a company of peoples, and God Almighty doth bless thee, and make thee fruitful, and multiply thee, and thou hast become an assembly of peoples; And God Almighty bless you, and make you fruitful, and multiply you, that you may be a multitude of people; 
Genesis 28:4 And give thee the blessing of Abraham, to thee, and to thy seed with thee; that thou mayest inherit the land wherein thou art a stranger, which God gave unto Abraham. And give thee the blessing of Abraham, to thee, and to thy seed with thee. That thou mayest inherit the land of thy sojournings, which God gave unto Abraham. And give the blessings of Abrabam to thee, and to thy seed after thee: that thou mayst possess the land of thy sojournment, which he promised to thy grandfather. And may he give thee the blessing of Abraham, to thee and to thy seed with thee, in order that thou mayest possess the land of thy sojourning, which God gave to Abraham! and give thee the blessing of Abraham, to thee, and to thy seed with thee; that thou mayest inherit the land of thy sojournings, which God gave unto Abraham. And give thee the blessing of Abraham, to thee, and to thy seed with thee; that thou mayest inherit the land in which thou art a stranger, which God gave to Abraham. And give you the blessing of Abraham, to you, and to your seed with you, that you may inherit the land where you travel, which God gave to Abraham." and He doth give to thee the blessing of Abraham, to thee and to thy seed with thee, to cause thee to possess the land of thy sojournings, which God gave to Abraham.' And give you the blessing of Abraham, to you, and to your seed with you; that you may inherit the land wherein you are a stranger, which God gave to Abraham.
Genesis 28:5 And Isaac sent away Jacob: and he went to Padanaram unto Laban, son of Bethuel the Syrian, the brother of Rebekah, Jacob's and Esau's mother. And Isaac sent away Jacob. And he went to Paddan-aram unto Laban, son of Bethuel the Syrian, the brother of Rebekah, Jacob's and Esau's mother. And when Isaac had sent him away, he took his journey and went to Mesopotamia of Syria to Laban the son of Bathuel the Syrian, brother to Rebecca his mother. And Isaac sent away Jacob; and he went to Padan-Aram, to Laban the son of Bethuel the Syrian, the brother of Rebecca, Jacob's and Esau's mother. And Isaac sent away Jacob: and he went to Paddan-aram unto Laban, son of Bethuel the Syrian, the brother of Rebekah, Jacob's and Esau's mother. And Isaac sent away Jacob: and he went to Padan-aram, to Laban, son of Bethuel the Syrian, the brother of Rebekah, Jacob's and Esau's mother.Isaac sent Jacob away. He went to Paddan Aram to Laban, son of Bethuel the Syrian, Rebekah's brother, Jacob's and Esau's mother. And Isaac sendeth away Jacob, and he goeth to Padan-Aram, unto Laban, son of Bethuel the Aramaean, brother of Rebekah, mother of Jacob and Esau. And Isaac sent away Jacob: and he went to Padanaram to Laban, son of Bethuel the Syrian, the brother of Rebekah, Jacob's and Esau's mother.
Genesis 28:6 When Esau saw that Isaac had blessed Jacob, and sent him away to Padanaram, to take him a wife from thence; and that as he blessed him he gave him a charge, saying, Thou shalt not take a wife of the daughters of Canaan; Now Esau saw that Isaac had blessed Jacob and sent him away to Paddan-aram, to take him a wife from thence. And that as he blessed him he gave him a charge, saying, Thou shalt not take a wife of the daughters of Canaan. And Esau seeing that his father had blessed Jacob, and had sent him into Mesopotamia of Syria, to marry a wife thence; and that after the blessing he had charged him, saying: Thou shalt not take a wife of the daughters of Chanaan:  And Esau saw that Isaac had blessed Jacob, and sent him away to Padan-Aram, to take a wife thence, blessing him, and giving him a charge saying, Thou shalt not take a wife of the daughters of Canaan; Now Esau saw that Isaac had blessed Jacob and sent him away to Paddan-aram, to take him a wife from thence; and that as he blessed him he gave him a charge, saying, Thou shalt not take a wife of the daughters of Canaan; When Esau saw that Isaac had blessed Jacob, and sent him away to Padan-aram, to take him a wife from thence; and that as he blessed him, he gave him a charge, saying, Thou shalt not take a wife of the daughters of Canaan; Now Esau saw that Isaac had blessed Jacob and sent him away to Paddan Aram, to take him a wife from there, and that as he blessed him he gave him a command, saying, "You shall not take a wife of the daughters of Canaan," And Esau seeth that Isaac hath blessed Jacob, and hath sent him to Padan-Aram to take to himself from thence a wife &#8212; in his blessing him that he layeth a charge upon him, saying, Thou dost not take a wife from the daughters of Canaan &#8212;  When Esau saw that Isaac had blessed Jacob, and sent him away to Padanaram, to take him a wife from there; and that as he blessed him he gave him a charge, saying, You shall not take a wife of the daughers of Canaan; 
Genesis 28:7 And that Jacob obeyed his father and his mother, and was gone to Padanaram; And that Jacob obeyed his father and his mother, and was gone to Paddan-aram. And that Jacob obeying his parents was gone into Syria:  and that Jacob had obeyed his father and his mother, and was gone to Padan-Aram. And that Jacob obeyed his father and his mother, and was gone to Paddan-aram: And that Jacob obeyed his father, and his mother, and was gone to Padan-aram; and that Jacob obeyed his father and his mother, and was gone to Paddan Aram. That Jacob hearkeneth unto his father and unto his mother, and goeth to Padan-Aram &#8212;  And that Jacob obeyed his father and his mother, and was gone to Padanaram; 
Genesis 28:8 And Esau seeing that the daughters of Canaan pleased not Isaac his father; And Esau saw that the daughters of Canaan pleased not Isaac his father.Experiencing also that his father was not well pleased with the daughters of Chanaan:  And Esau saw that the daughters of Canaan were evil in the sight of Isaac his father. And Esau saw that the daughters of Canaan pleased not Isaac his father; And Esau seeing that the daughters of Canaan pleased not Isaac his father; Esau saw that the daughters of Canaan didn't please Isaac, his father. And Esau seeth that the daughters of Canaan are evil in the eyes of Isaac his father, And Esau seeing that the daughters of Canaan pleased not Isaac his father; 
Genesis 28:9 Then went Esau unto Ishmael, and took unto the wives which he had Mahalath the daughter of Ishmael Abraham's son, the sister of Nebajoth, to be his wife. And Esau went unto Ishmael, and took, besides the wives that he had, Mahalath the daughter of Ishmael Abraham's son, the sister of Nebaioth, to be his wife.He went to Ismael, and took to wife, besides them he had before, Maheleth the daughter of Ismael, Abraham's son, the sister of Nabajoth. And Esau went to Ishmael, and took, besides the wives that he had, Mahalath the daughter of Ishmael Abraham's son, the sister of Nebaioth, to be his wife. And Esau went unto Ishmael, and took unto the wives which he had Mahalath the daughter of Ishmael Abraham's son, the sister of Nebaioth, to be his wife. Then went Esau to Ishmael, and took to the wives which he had, Mahalath the daughter of Ishmael Abraham's son, the sister of Nebajoth, to be his wife.Esau went to Ishmael, and took, besides the wives that he had, Mahalath the daughter of Ishmael, Abraham's son, the sister of Nebaioth, to be his wife. And Esau goeth unto Ishmael, and taketh Mahalath, daughter of Ishmael, Abraham's son, sister of Nebajoth, unto his wives, to himself, for a wife. Then went Esau to Ishmael, and took to the wives which he had Mahalath the daughter of Ishmael Abraham's son, the sister of Nebajoth, to be his wife.
Genesis 28:10 And Jacob went out from Beersheba, and went toward Haran. And Jacob went out from Beer-sheba, and went toward Haran.But Jacob being departed from Bersabee, went on to Haran. And Jacob went out from Beer-sheba, and went towards Haran. And Jacob went out from Beer-sheba, and went toward Haran. And Jacob went out from Beer-sheba, and went towards Haran.Jacob went out from Beersheba, and went toward Haran. And Jacob goeth out from Beer-Sheba, and goeth toward Haran, And Jacob went out from Beersheba, and went toward Haran.
Genesis 28:11 And he lighted upon a certain place, and tarried there all night, because the sun was set; and he took of the stones of that place, and put them for his pillows, and lay down in that place to sleep. And he lighted upon a certain place, and tarried there all night, because the sun was set. And he took one of the stones of the place, and put it under his head, and lay down in that place to sleep. And when he was come to a certain place, and would rest in it after sunset, he took of the stones that lay there, and putting under his head, slept in the same place. And he lighted on a certain place, and lodged there, because the sun had set. And he took one of the stones of the place, and made it his pillow, and lay down in that place. And he lighted upon a certain place, and tarried there all night, because the sun was set; and he took one of the stones of the place, and put it under his head, and lay down in that place to sleep. And he lighted upon a certain place, and tarried there all night, because the sun was set: and he took of the stones of that place, and put them for his pillows, and lay down in that place to sleep.He came to a certain place, and stayed there all night, because the sun had set. He took one of the stones of the place, and put it under his head, and lay down in that place to sleep. And he toucheth at a certain place, and lodgeth there, for the sun hath gone in, and he taketh of the stones of the place, and maketh them his pillows, and lieth down in that place. And he lighted on a certain place, and tarried there all night, because the sun was set; and he took of the stones of that place, and put them for his pillows, and lay down in that place to sleep.
Genesis 28:12 And he dreamed, and behold a ladder set up on the earth, and the top of it reached to heaven: and behold the angels of God ascending and descending on it. And he dreamed. And behold, a ladder set up on the earth, and the top of it reached to heaven. And behold, the angels of God ascending and descending on it. And he saw in his sleep a ladder standing upon the earth, and the top thereof touching heaven: the angels also of God ascending and descending by it;  And he dreamed, and behold, a ladder was set up on the earth, and the top of it reached to the heavens. And behold, angels of God ascended and descended upon it. And he dreamed, and behold a ladder set up on the earth, and the top of it reached to heaven: and behold the angels of God ascending and descending on it. And he dreamed, and behold, a ladder set upon the earth, and the top of it reached to heaven: and behold, the angels of God ascending and descending on it.He dreamed. Behold, a stairway set upon the earth, and its top reached to heaven. Behold, the angels of God ascending and descending on it. And he dreameth, and lo, a ladder set up on the earth, and its head is touching the heavens; and lo, messengers of God are going up and coming down by it; And he dreamed, and behold a ladder set up on the earth, and the top of it reached to heaven: and behold the angels of God ascending and descending on it.
Genesis 28:13 And, behold, the LORD stood above it, and said, I am the LORD God of Abraham thy father, and the God of Isaac: the land whereon thou liest, to thee will I give it, and to thy seed; And, behold, Jehovah stood above it, and said, I am Jehovah, the God of Abraham thy father, and the God of Isaac. The land whereon thou liest, to thee will I give it, and to thy seed. And the Lord leaning upon the ladder, saying to him: I am the Lord God of Abraham thy father, and the God of Isaac; the land, wherein thou sleepest, I will give to thee and to thy seed. And behold, Jehovah stood above it. And he said, I am Jehovah, the God of Abraham, thy father, and the God of Isaac: the land on which thou liest, to thee will I give it, and to thy seed. And, behold, the LORD stood above it, and said, I am the LORD, the God of Abraham thy father, and the God of Isaac: the land whereon thou liest, to thee will I give it, and to thy seed; And behold, the LORD stood above it, and said, I am the LORD God of Abraham thy father, and the God of Isaac: the land on which thou liest, to thee will I give it, and to thy seed.Behold, Yahweh stood above it, and said, "I am Yahweh, the God of Abraham your father, and the God of Isaac. The land whereon you lie, to you will I give it, and to your seed. And lo, Jehovah is standing upon it, and He saith, 'I am Jehovah, God of Abraham thy father, and God of Isaac; the land on which thou art lying, to thee I give it, and to thy seed; And, behold, the LORD stood above it, and said, I am the LORD God of Abraham your father, and the God of Isaac: the land where on you lie, to you will I give it, and to your seed; 
Genesis 28:14 And thy seed shall be as the dust of the earth, and thou shalt spread abroad to the west, and to the east, and to the north, and to the south: and in thee and in thy seed shall all the families of the earth be blessed. And thy seed shall be as the dust of the earth, and thou shalt spread abroad to the west, and to the east, and to the north, and to the south. And in thee and in thy seed shall all the families of the earth be blessed. And thy seed shall be as the dust of the earth: thou shalt spread abroad to the west, and to the east, and to the north, and to the south: and IN THEE and thy seed all the tribes of the earth SHALL BE BLESSED. And thy seed shall be as the dust of the earth, and thou shalt spread abroad to the west, and to the east, and to the north, and to the south; and in thee and in thy seed shall all the families of the earth be blessed. And thy seed shall be as the dust of the earth, and thou shalt spread abroad to the west, and to the east, and to the north, and to the south: and in thee and in thy seed shall all the families of the earth be blessed. And thy seed shall be as the dust of the earth; and thou shalt spread abroad to the west, and to the east, and to the north, and to the south: and in thee and in thy seed shall all the families of the earth be blessed.Your seed will be as the dust of the earth, and you will spread abroad to the west, and to the east, and to the north, and to the south. In you and in your seed will all the families of the earth be blessed. And thy seed hath been as the dust of the land, and thou hast broken forth westward, and eastward, and northward, and southward, and all families of the ground have been blessed in thee and in thy seed. And your seed shall be as the dust of the earth, and you shall spread abroad to the west, and to the east, and to the north, and to the south: and in you and in your seed shall all the families of the earth be blessed.
Genesis 28:15 And, behold, I am with thee, and will keep thee in all places whither thou goest, and will bring thee again into this land; for I will not leave thee, until I have done that which I have spoken to thee of. And, behold, I am with thee, and will keep thee, whithersoever thou goest, and will bring thee again into this land. For I will not leave thee, until I have done that which I have spoken to thee of. And I will be thy keeper whithersoever thou goest, and will bring thee back into this land: neither will I leave thee, till I shall have accomplished all that I have said. And behold, I am with thee, and will keep thee in all places to which thou goest, and will bring thee again into this land; for I will not leave thee until I have done what I have spoken to thee of. And, behold, I am with thee, and will keep thee whithersoever thou goest, and will bring thee again into this land; for I will not leave thee, until I have done that which I have spoken to thee of. And behold, I am with thee, and will keep thee in all places whither thou goest, and will bring thee again into this land: for I will not leave thee, until I have done that which I have declared to thee.Behold, I am with you, and will keep you, wherever you go, and will bring you again into this land. For I will not leave you, until I have done that which I have spoken of to you." And lo, I am with thee, and have kept thee whithersoever thou goest, and have caused thee to turn back unto this ground; for I leave thee not till that I have surely done that which I have spoken to thee.' And, behold, I am with you, and will keep you in all places where you go, and will bring you again into this land; for I will not leave you, until I have done that which I have spoken to you of.
Genesis 28:16 And Jacob awaked out of his sleep, and he said, Surely the LORD is in this place; and I knew it not. And Jacob awaked out of his sleep, and he said, Surely Jehovah is in this place. And I knew it not. And when Jacob awaked out of sleep, he said: Indeed the Lord is in this place, and I knew it not. And Jacob awoke from his sleep, and said, Surely Jehovah is in this place, and I knew it not. And Jacob awaked out of his sleep, and he said, Surely the LORD is in this place; and I knew it not. And Jacob awaked out of his sleep, and he said, Surely the LORD is in this place; and I knew it not.Jacob awakened out of his sleep, and he said, "Surely Yahweh is in this place, and I didn't know it." And Jacob awaketh out of his sleep, and saith, 'Surely Jehovah is in this place, and I knew not;' And Jacob awaked out of his sleep, and he said, Surely the LORD is in this place; and I knew it not.
Genesis 28:17 And he was afraid, and said, How dreadful is this place! this is none other but the house of God, and this is the gate of heaven. And he was afraid, and said, How dreadful is this place! This is none other than the house of God, and this is the gate of heaven. And trembling he said: How terrible is this place! this is no other but the house of God, and the gate of heaven. And he was afraid, and said, How dreadful is this place! this is none other but the house of God, and this is the gate of heaven. And he was afraid, and said, How dreadful is this place! this is none other but the house of God, and this is the gate of heaven. And he was afraid, and said, How dreadful is this place! this is no other but the house of God, and this is the gate of heaven.He was afraid, and said, "How dreadful is this place! This is none other than God's house, and this is the gate of heaven." and he feareth, and saith, 'How fearful is this place; this is nothing but a house of God, and this a gate of the heavens.' And he was afraid, and said, How dreadful is this place! this is none other but the house of God, and this is the gate of heaven.
Genesis 28:18 And Jacob rose up early in the morning, and took the stone that he had put for his pillows, and set it up for a pillar, and poured oil upon the top of it. And Jacob rose up early in the morning, and took the stone that he had put under his head, and set it up for a pillar, and poured oil upon the top of it. And Jacob, arising in the morning, took the stone, which he had laid under his head, and set it up for a title, pouring oil upon the top of it. And Jacob rose early in the morning, and took the stone that he had made his pillow, and set it up for a pillar, and poured oil on the top of it. And Jacob rose up early in the morning, and took the stone that he had put under his head, and set it up for a pillar, and poured oil upon the top of it. And Jacob rose early in the morning, and took the stone that he had put for his pillows, and set it up for a pillar, and poured oil on the top of it.Jacob rose up early in the morning, and took the stone that he had put under his head, and set it up for a pillar, and poured oil on its top. And Jacob riseth early in the morning, and taketh the stone which he hath made his pillows, and maketh it a standing pillar, and poureth oil upon its top, And Jacob rose up early in the morning, and took the stone that he had put for his pillows, and set it up for a pillar, and poured oil on the top of it.
Genesis 28:19 And he called the name of that place Bethel: but the name of that city was called Luz at the first. And he called the name of that place Beth-el. But the name of the city was Luz at the first. And he called the name of the city Bethel, which before was called Luza. And he called the name of that place Beth-el; but the name of that city was Luz at the first. And he called the name of that place Beth-el: but the name of the city was Luz at the first. And he called the name of that place Beth-el: but the name of that city was called Luz at the first.He called the name of that place Bethel, but the name of the city was Luz at the first. And he calleth the name of that place Bethel, house of God, and yet, Luz is the name of the city at the first. And he called the name of that place Bethel: but the name of that city was called Luz at the first.
Genesis 28:20 And Jacob vowed a vow, saying, If God will be with me, and will keep me in this way that I go, and will give me bread to eat, and raiment to put on, And Jacob vowed a vow, saying, If God will be with me, and will keep me in this way that I go, and will give me bread to eat, and raiment to put on, And he made a vow, saying: If God shall be with me, and shall keep me in the way by which I walk, and shall give me bread to eat, and raiment to put on,  And Jacob vowed a vow, saying, If God will be with me, and keep me on this road that I go, and will give me bread to eat, and a garment to put on, And Jacob vowed a vow, saying, If God will be with me, and will keep me in this way that I go, and will give me bread to eat, and raiment to put on, And Jacob vowed a vow, saying, If God will be with me, and will keep me in this way that I go, and will give me bread to eat, and raiment to put on, Jacob vowed a vow, saying, "If God will be with me, and will keep me in this way that I go, and will give me bread to eat, and clothing to put on, And Jacob voweth a vow, saying, 'Seeing God is with me, and hath kept me in this way which I am going, and hath given to me bread to eat, and a garment to put on &#8212;  And Jacob vowed a vow, saying, If God will be with me, and will keep me in this way that I go, and will give me bread to eat, and raiment to put on, 
Genesis 28:21 So that I come again to my father's house in peace; then shall the LORD be my God: so that I come again to my father's house in peace, and Jehovah will be my God, And I shall return prosperously to my father's house: the Lord shall be my God:  and I come again to my father's house in peace then shall Jehovah be my God. So that I come again to my father's house in peace, then shall the LORD be my God, So that I come again to my father's house in peace; then shall the LORD be my God: so that I come again to my father's house in peace, and Yahweh will be my God, when I have turned back in peace unto the house of my father, and Jehovah hath become my God, So that I come again to my father's house in peace; then shall the LORD be my God: 
Genesis 28:22 And this stone, which I have set for a pillar, shall be God's house: and of all that thou shalt give me I will surely give the tenth unto thee. Then this stone, which I have set up for a pillar, shall be God's house. And of all that thou shalt give me I will surely give the tenth unto thee. And this stone, which I have set up for a title, shall called the house of God: and of all things that thou shalt give to me, I will offer tithes to thee. And this stone, which I have set up for a pillar, shall be God's house; and of all that thou wilt give me I will without fail give the tenth to thee. And this stone, which I have set up for a pillar, shall be God's house: and of all that thou shalt give me I will surely give the tenth unto thee. And this stone, which I have set for a pillar, shall be God's house: and of all that thou shalt give me, I will surely give the tenth to thee. Then this stone, which I have set up for a pillar, will be God's house. Of all that you will give me I will surely give the tenth to you." then this stone which I have made a standing pillar is a house of God, and all that Thou dost give to me &#8212; tithing I tithe to Thee.' And this stone, which I have set for a pillar, shall be God's house: and of all that you shall give me I will surely give the tenth to you.
Genesis 29:1 Then Jacob went on his journey, and came into the land of the people of the east. Then Jacob went on his journey, and came to the land of the children of the east. Then Jacob went on in his journey, and came into the east country. And Jacob continued his journey, and went into the land of the children of the east. Then Jacob went on his journey, and came to the land of the children of the east. Then Jacob went on his journey, and came into the land of the people of the east. Then Jacob went on his journey, and came to the land of the children of the east. And Jacob lifteth up his feet, and goeth towards the land of the sons of the east; Then Jacob went on his journey, and came into the land of the people of the east.
Genesis 29:2 And he looked, and behold a well in the field, and, lo, there were three flocks of sheep lying by it; for out of that well they watered the flocks: and a great stone was upon the well's mouth. And he looked, and behold, a well in the field, and, lo, three flocks of sheep lying there by it. For out of that well they watered the flocks. And the stone upon the well's mouth was great. And he saw a well in the field, and three flocks of sheep lying by it: for the beasts were watered out of it, and the mouth thereof was closed with a great stone. And he looked, and behold, there was a well in the fields, and behold there, three flocks of sheep were lying by it; for out of that well they watered the flocks, and a great stone was at the mouth of the well. And he looked, and behold a well in the field, and, lo, three flocks of sheep lying there by it; for out of that well they watered the flocks: and the stone upon the well's mouth was great. And he looked, and behold, a well in the field, and lo, there were three flocks of sheep lying by it; for out of that well they watered the flocks: and a great stone was upon the well's mouth.He looked, and behold, a well in the field, and, behold, three flocks of sheep lying there by it. For out of that well they watered the flocks. The stone on the well's mouth was large. And he looketh, and lo, a well in the field, and lo, there three droves of a flock crouching by it, for from that well they water the droves, and the great stone is on the mouth of the well. And he looked, and behold a well in the field, and, see, there were three flocks of sheep lying by it; for out of that well they watered the flocks: and a great stone was on the well's mouth.
Genesis 29:3 And thither were all the flocks gathered: and they rolled the stone from the well's mouth, and watered the sheep, and put the stone again upon the well's mouth in his place. And thither were all the flocks gathered. And they rolled the stone from the well's mouth, and watered the sheep, and put the stone again upon the well's mouth in its place. And the custom was, when all the sheep were gathered together to roll away the stone, and after the sheep were watered, to put it on the mouth of the well again. And when all the flocks were gathered there, they rolled the stone from the mouth of the well, and watered the sheep, and put the stone again on the mouth of the well in its place. And thither were all the flocks gathered: and they rolled the stone from the well's mouth, and watered the sheep, and put the stone again upon the well's mouth in its place. And thither were all the flocks gathered: and they rolled the stone from the well's mouth and watered the sheep, and put the stone again upon the well's mouth in its place. There all the flocks were gathered. They rolled the stone from the well's mouth, and watered the sheep, and put the stone again on the well's mouth in its place.(When thither have all the droves been gathered, and they have rolled the stone from off the mouth of the well, and have watered the flock, then they have turned back the stone on the mouth of the well to its place.) And thither were all the flocks gathered: and they rolled the stone from the well's mouth, and watered the sheep, and put the stone again on the well's mouth in his place.
Genesis 29:4 And Jacob said unto them, My brethren, whence be ye? And they said, Of Haran are we. And Jacob said unto them, My brethren, whence are ye? And they said, Of Haran are we. And he said to the shepherds: Brethren, whence are you? They answered: Of Haran. And Jacob said to them, My brethren, whence are ye? And they said, Of Haran are we. And Jacob said unto them, My brethren, whence be ye? And they said, Of Haran are we. And Jacob said to them, My brethren, whence are ye? And they said, We are from Haran.Jacob said to them, "My relatives, where are you from?" They said, "We are from Haran." And Jacob saith to them, 'My brethren, from whence are ye?' and they say, 'We are from Haran.' And Jacob said to them, My brothers, from where be you? And they said, Of Haran are we.
Genesis 29:5 And he said unto them, Know ye Laban the son of Nahor? And they said, We know him. And he said unto them, Know ye Laban the son of Nahor? And they said, We know him. And he asked them, saying: Know you Laban the son of Nachor? They said: We know him. And he said to them, Do ye know Laban the son of Nahor? And they said, We do know him. And he said unto them, Know ye Laban the son of Nahor? And they said, We know him. And he said to them, Know ye Laban the son of Nahor? and they said, We know him.He said to them, "Do you know Laban, the son of Nahor?" They said, "We know him." And he saith to them, 'Have ye known Laban, son of Nahor?' and they say, 'We have known.' And he said to them, Know you Laban the son of Nahor? And they said, We know him.
Genesis 29:6 And he said unto them, Is he well? And they said, He is well: and, behold, Rachel his daughter cometh with the sheep. And he said unto them, Is it well with him? And they said, It is well. And, behold, Rachel his daughter cometh with the sheep.He said: Is he in health? He is in health, say they: and behold Rachel his daughter cometh with his flock. And he said to them, Is he well? And they said, He is well; and behold, there comes Rachel his daughter with the sheep. And he said unto them, Is it well with him? And they said, It is well: and, behold, Rachel his daughter cometh with the sheep. And he said to them, Is he well? And they said, He is well: and behold, Rachel his daughter cometh with the sheep.He said to them, "Is it well with him?" They said, "It is well. See, Rachel, his daughter, is coming with the sheep." And he saith to them, 'Hath he peace?' and they say, 'Peace; and lo, Rachel his daughter is coming with the flock.' And he said to them, Is he well? And they said, He is well: and, behold, Rachel his daughter comes with the sheep.
Genesis 29:7 And he said, Lo, it is yet high day, neither is it time that the cattle should be gathered together: water ye the sheep, and go and feed them. And he said, Lo, it is yet high day, neither is it time that the cattle should be gathered together. Water ye the sheep, and go and feed them. And Jacob said: There is yet much day remaining, neither is it time to bring the flocks into the folds again: first give the sheep drink, and so lead them back to feed. And he said, Behold, it is yet high day; it is not time that the cattle should be gathered together; water the sheep, and go, feed them. And he said, Lo, it is yet high day, neither is it time that the cattle should be gathered together: water ye the sheep, and go and feed them. And he said, Lo, it is yet high day, neither is it time that the cattle should be collected: water ye the sheep, and go and feed them.He said, "Behold, it is still the middle of the day, not time to gather the livestock together. Water the sheep, and go and feed them." And he saith, 'Lo, the day is still great, it is not time for the cattle to be gathered; water ye the flock, and go, delight yourselves.' And he said, See, it is yet high day, neither is it time that the cattle should be gathered together: water you the sheep, and go and feed them.
Genesis 29:8 And they said, We cannot, until all the flocks be gathered together, and till they roll the stone from the well's mouth; then we water the sheep. And they said, We cannot, until all the flocks be gathered together, and they roll the stone from the well's mouth. Then we water the sheep. They answered: We cannot, till all the cattle be gathered together, and we remove the stone from the well's mouth, that we may water the flocks. And they said, We cannot until all the flocks are gathered together, and they roll the stone from the mouth of the well, and we water the sheep. And they said, We cannot, until all the flocks be gathered together, and they roll the stone from the well's mouth; then we water the sheep. And they said, We cannot, until all the flocks are collected, and till they roll the stone from the well's mouth; then we water the sheep. They said, "We can't, until all the flocks are gathered together, and they roll the stone from the well's mouth. Then we water the sheep." And they say, 'We are not able, till that all the droves be gathered together, and they have rolled away the stone from the mouth of the well, and we have watered the flock.' And they said, We cannot, until all the flocks be gathered together, and till they roll the stone from the well's mouth; then we water the sheep.
Genesis 29:9 And while he yet spake with them, Rachel came with her father's sheep: for she kept them.While he was yet speaking with them, Rachel came with her father's sheep. For she kept them. They were yet speaking, and behold Rachel came with her father's sheep: for she fed the flock. While he was still speaking to them, Rachel came with her father's sheep, for she was a shepherdess.While he yet spake with them, Rachel came with her father's sheep; for she kept them. And while he was yet speaking with them, Rachel came with her father's sheep: for she kept them.While he was yet speaking with them, Rachel came with her father's sheep, for she kept them.He is yet speaking with them, and Rachel hath come with the flock which her father hath, for she is shepherdess; And while he yet spoke with them, Rachel came with her father's sheep; for she kept them.
Genesis 29:10 And it came to pass, when Jacob saw Rachel the daughter of Laban his mother's brother, and the sheep of Laban his mother's brother, that Jacob went near, and rolled the stone from the well's mouth, and watered the flock of Laban his mother's brother. And it came to pass, when Jacob saw Rachel the daughter of Laban his mother's brother, and the sheep of Laban his mother's brother, that Jacob went near, and rolled the stone from the well's mouth, and watered the flock of Laban his mother's brother. And when Jacob saw her, and knew her to be his cousin-german, and that they were the sheep of Laban, his uncle: he removed the stone wherewith the well was closed. And it came to pass when Jacob saw Rachel the daughter of Laban his mother's brother, and the sheep of Laban his mother's brother, that Jacob went near, and rolled the stone from the mouth of the well, and watered the sheep of Laban his mother's brother. And it came to pass, when Jacob saw Rachel the daughter of Laban his mother's brother, and the sheep of Laban his mother's brother, that Jacob went near, and rolled the stone from the well's mouth, and watered the flock of Laban his mother's brother. And it came to pass, when Jacob saw Rachel, the daughter of Laban his mother's brother, and the sheep of Laban his mother's brother; that Jacob went near, and rolled the stone from the well's mouth, and watered the flock of Laban his mother's brother.It happened, when Jacob saw Rachel the daughter of Laban, his mother's brother, and the sheep of Laban, his mother's brother, that Jacob went near, and rolled the stone from the well's mouth, and watered the flock of Laban his mother's brother. And it cometh to pass when Jacob hath seen Rachel, daughter of Laban his mother's brother, and the flock of Laban his mother's brother, that Jacob cometh nigh and rolleth the stone from off the mouth of the well, and watereth the flock of Laban his mother's brother. And it came to pass, when Jacob saw Rachel the daughter of Laban his mother's brother, and the sheep of Laban his mother's brother, that Jacob went near, and rolled the stone from the well's mouth, and watered the flock of Laban his mother's brother.
Genesis 29:11 And Jacob kissed Rachel, and lifted up his voice, and wept. And Jacob kissed Rachel, and lifted up his voice, and wept. And having watered the flock, he kissed her: and lifting up his voice, wept. And Jacob kissed Rachel, and lifted up his voice and wept. And Jacob kissed Rachel, and lifted up his voice, and wept. And Jacob kissed Rachel, and lifted up his voice, and wept.Jacob kissed Rachel, and lifted up his voice, and wept. And Jacob kisseth Rachel, and lifteth up his voice, and weepeth, And Jacob kissed Rachel, and lifted up his voice, and wept.
Genesis 29:12 And Jacob told Rachel that he was her father's brother, and that he was Rebekah's son: and she ran and told her father. And Jacob told Rachel that he was her father's brother, and that he was Rebekah's son. And she ran and told her father. And he told her that he was her father's brother, and the son of Rebecca: but she went in haste and told her father. And Jacob told Rachel that he was a brother of her father, and that he was Rebecca's son; and she ran and told her father. And Jacob told Rachel that he was her father's brother, and that he was Rebekah's son: and she ran and told her father. And Jacob told Rachel that he was her father's brother, and that he was Rebekah's son; and she ran and told her father.Jacob told Rachel that he was her father's brother, and that he was Rebekah's son. She ran and told her father. And Jacob declareth to Rachel that he is her father's brother, and that he is Rebekah's son, and she runneth and declareth to her father. And Jacob told Rachel that he was her father's brother, and that he was Rebekah's son: and she ran and told her father.
Genesis 29:13 And it came to pass, when Laban heard the tidings of Jacob his sister's son, that he ran to meet him, and embraced him, and kissed him, and brought him to his house. And he told Laban all these things. And it came to pass, when Laban heard the tidings of Jacob his sister's son, that he ran to meet him, and embraced him, and kissed him, and brought him to his house. And he told Laban all these things.Who, when he heard that Jacob his sister's son was come, ran forth to meet him; and embracing him, and heartily kissing him, brought him into his house. And when he had heard the causes of his journey,  And it came to pass when Laban heard the tidings of Jacob his sister's son, that he ran to meet him, and embraced him, and kissed him, and brought him to his house; and he told Laban all these things. And it came to pass, when Laban heard the tidings of Jacob his sister's son, that he ran to meet him, and embraced him, and kissed him, and brought him to his house. And he told Laban all these things. And it came to pass when Laban heard the tidings of Jacob his sister's son, that he ran to meet him, and embraced him, and kissed him, and brought him to his house. And he told Laban all these things.It happened, when Laban heard the news of Jacob, his sister's son, that he ran to meet Jacob, and embraced him, and kissed him, and brought him to his house. Jacob told Laban all these things. And it cometh to pass, when Laban heareth the report of Jacob his sister's son, that he runneth to meet him, and embraceth him, and kisseth him, and bringeth him in unto his house; and he recounteth to Laban all these things, And it came to pass, when Laban heard the tidings of Jacob his sister's son, that he ran to meet him, and embraced him, and kissed him, and brought him to his house. And he told Laban all these things.
Genesis 29:14 And Laban said to him, Surely thou art my bone and my flesh. And he abode with him the space of a month. And Laban said to him, Surely thou art my bone and my flesh. And he abode with him the space of a month.He answered: Thou art my bone and my flesh. And after the days of one month were expired,  And Laban said to him, Thou art indeed my bone and my flesh. And he abode with him a month's time. And Laban said to him, Surely thou art my bone and my flesh. And he abode with him the space of a month. And Laban said to him, Surely thou art my bone and my flesh: and he abode with him the space of a month.Laban said to him, "Surely you are my bone and my flesh." He lived with him for a month. And Laban saith to him, 'Only my bone and my flesh art thou;' and he dwelleth with him a month of days. And Laban said to him, Surely you are my bone and my flesh. And he stayed with him the space of a month.
Genesis 29:15 And Laban said unto Jacob, Because thou art my brother, shouldest thou therefore serve me for nought? tell me, what shall thy wages be? And Laban said unto Jacob, Because thou art my brother, shouldest thou therefore serve me for nought? Tell me, what shall thy wages be? He said to him: Because thou art my brother, shalt thou serve me without wages? Tell me what wages thou wilt have. And Laban said to Jacob, Because thou art my brother, shouldest thou serve me for nothing? tell me, what shall be thy wages? And Laban said unto Jacob, Because thou art my brother, shouldest thou therefore serve me for nought? tell me, what shall thy wages be? And Laban said to Jacob, Because thou art my brother, shouldest thou therefore serve me for naught? tell me, what shall thy wages be? Laban said to Jacob, "Because you are my brother, should you therefore serve me for nothing? Tell me, what will your wages be?" And Laban saith to Jacob, 'Is it because thou art my brother that thou hast served me for nought? declare to me what is thy hire.' And Laban said to Jacob, Because you are my brother, should you therefore serve me for nothing? tell me, what shall your wages be? 
Genesis 29:16 And Laban had two daughters: the name of the elder was Leah, and the name of the younger was Rachel. And Laban had two daughters. The name of the elder was Leah, and the name of the younger was Rachel.Now he had two daughters, the name of the elder was Lia: and the younger was called Richel. And Laban had two daughters: the name of the elder was Leah, and the name of the younger, Rachel. And Laban had two daughters: the name of the elder was Leah, and the name of the younger was Rachel. And Laban had two daughters: the name of the elder was Leah, and the name of the younger was Rachel.Laban had two daughters. The name of the elder was Leah, and the name of the younger was Rachel. And Laban hath two daughters, the name of the elder is Leah, and the name of the younger Rachel, And Laban had two daughters: the name of the elder was Leah, and the name of the younger was Rachel.
Genesis 29:17 Leah was tender eyed; but Rachel was beautiful and well favoured. And Leah's eyes were tender. But Rachel was beautiful and well favored.But Lia was blear eyed: Rachel was well favoured, and of a beautiful countenance. And the eyes of Leah were tender; but Rachel was of beautiful form and beautiful countenance. And Leah's eyes were tender; but Rachel was beautiful and well favoured.Leah was tender-eyed, but Rachel was beautiful and well-favored.Leah's eyes were weak, but Rachel was beautiful in form and attractive. And the eyes of Leah are tender, and Rachel hath been fair of form and fair of appearance.Leah was tender eyed; but Rachel was beautiful and well favored.
Genesis 29:18 And Jacob loved Rachel; and said, I will serve thee seven years for Rachel thy younger daughter. And Jacob loved Rachel. And he said, I will serve thee seven years for Rachel thy younger daughter. And Jacob being in love with her, said: I will serve thee seven years for Rachel thy younger daughter. And Jacob loved Rachel, and said, I will serve thee seven years for Rachel thy younger daughter. And Jacob loved Rachel; and he said, I will serve thee seven years for Rachel thy younger daughter. And Jacob loved Rachel; and said, I will serve thee seven years for Rachel thy younger daughter.Jacob loved Rachel. He said, "I will serve you seven years for Rachel, your younger daughter." And Jacob loveth Rachel, and saith, 'I serve thee seven years for Rachel thy younger daughter:' And Jacob loved Rachel; and said, I will serve you seven years for Rachel your younger daughter.
Genesis 29:19 And Laban said, It is better that I give her to thee, than that I should give her to another man: abide with me. And Laban said, It is better that I give her to thee, than that I should give her to another man. Abide with me.Lahan answered: It is better that I give her thee than to another man; stay with me. And Laban said, It is better that I give her to thee than that I should give her to another man: abide with me. And Laban said, It is better that I give her to thee, than that I should give her to another man: abide with me. And Laban said, It is better that I give her to thee, than that I should give her to another man: abide with me.Laban said, "It is better that I give her to you, than that I should give her to another man. Stay with me." and Laban saith, 'It is better for me to give her to thee than to give her to another man; dwell with me;' And Laban said, It is better that I give her to you, than that I should give her to another man: abide with me.
Genesis 29:20 And Jacob served seven years for Rachel; and they seemed unto him but a few days, for the love he had to her. And Jacob served seven years for Rachel. And they seemed unto him but a few days, for the love he had to her. So Jacob served seven years for Rachel: and they seemed but a few days, because of the greatness of his love. And Jacob served seven years for Rachel; and they were in his eyes as single days, because he loved her. And Jacob served seven years for Rachel; and they seemed unto him but a few days, for the love he had to her. And Jacob served seven years for Rachel; and they seemed to him but a few days, for the love he had to her.Jacob served seven years for Rachel. They seemed to him but a few days, for the love he had for her. And Jacob serveth for Rachel seven years; and they are in his eyes as some days, because of his loving her. And Jacob served seven years for Rachel; and they seemed to him but a few days, for the love he had to her.
Genesis 29:21 And Jacob said unto Laban, Give me my wife, for my days are fulfilled, that I may go in unto her. And Jacob said unto Laban, Give me my wife, for my days are fulfilled, that I may go in unto her. And he said to Laban: Give me my wife; for now the time is fulfilled, that I may go in unto her. And Jacob said to Laban, Give me my wife, for my days are fulfilled, that I may go in to her. And Jacob said unto Laban, Give me my wife, for my days are fulfilled, that I may go in unto her. And Jacob said to Laban, Give me my wife (for my days are fulfilled) that I may go in to her.Jacob said to Laban, "Give me my wife, for my days are fulfilled, that I may go in to her." And Jacob saith unto Laban, 'Give up my wife, for my days have been fulfilled, and I go in unto her;' And Jacob said to Laban, Give me my wife, for my days are fulfilled, that I may go in to her.
Genesis 29:22 And Laban gathered together all the men of the place, and made a feast. And Laban gathered together all the men of the place, and made a feast. And he, having invited a great number of his friends to the feast, made the marriage. And Laban gathered together all the men of the place, and made a feast. And Laban gathered together all the men of the place, and made a feast. And Laban assembled all the men of the place, and made a feast.Laban gathered together all the men of the place, and made a feast. And Laban gathereth all the men of the place, and maketh a banquet. And Laban gathered together all the men of the place, and made a feast.
Genesis 29:23 And it came to pass in the evening, that he took Leah his daughter, and brought her to him; and he went in unto her. And it came to pass in the evening, that he took Leah his daughter, and brought her to him. And he went in unto her. And at night he brought in Lia his daughter to him,  And it came to pass in the evening, that he took Leah his daughter, and brought her to him; and he went in to her. And it came to pass in the evening, that he took Leah his daughter, and brought her to him; and he went in unto her. And it came to pass in the evening, that he took Leah his daughter, and brought her to him; and he went in to her.It happened in the evening, that he took Leah his daughter, and brought her to him. He went in to her. And it cometh to pass in the evening, that he taketh Leah, his daughter, and bringeth her in unto him, and he goeth in unto her; And it came to pass in the evening, that he took Leah his daughter, and brought her to him; and he went in to her.
Genesis 29:24 And Laban gave unto his daughter Leah Zilpah his maid for an handmaid. And Laban gave Zilpah his handmaid unto his daughter Leah for a handmaid.Giving his daughter a handmaid, named Zalpha. Now when Jacob had gone in to her according to custom when morning was come he saw it was Lia:  And Laban gave to her Zilpah, his maidservant, to be maidservant to Leah his daughter. And Laban gave Zilpah his handmaid unto his daughter Leah for an handmaid. And Laban gave to his daughter Leah, Zilpah his maid for a handmaid.Laban gave Zilpah his handmaid to his daughter Leah for a handmaid. And Laban giveth to her Zilpah, his maid-servant, to Leah his daughter, a maid-servant. And Laban gave to his daughter Leah Zilpah his maid for an handmaid.
Genesis 29:25 And it came to pass, that in the morning, behold, it was Leah: and he said to Laban, What is this thou hast done unto me? did not I serve with thee for Rachel? wherefore then hast thou beguiled me? And it came to pass in the morning that, behold, it was Leah. And he said to Laban, What is this thou hast done unto me? Did not I serve with thee for Rachel? Wherefore then hast thou beguiled me? And he said to his father in law: What is it that thou didst mean to do? did not I serve thee for Rachel? why hast thou deceived me?  And it came to pass in the morning, that behold, it was Leah. And he said to Laban, What is this thou hast done to me? Have I not served thee for Rachel? Why then hast thou deceived me? And it came to pass in the morning that, behold, it was Leah: and he said to Laban, What is this thou hast done unto me? did not I serve with thee for Rachel? wherefore then hast thou beguiled me? And it came to pass, that in the morning, behold, it was Leah: and he said to Laban, What is this thou hast done to me? did I not serve with thee for Rachel? why then hast thou deceived me? It happened in the morning that, behold, it was Leah. He said to Laban, "What is this you have done to me? Didn't I serve with you for Rachel? Why then have you deceived me?" And it cometh to pass in the morning, that lo, it is Leah; and he saith unto Laban, 'What is this thou hast done to me? for Rachel have I not served with thee? and why hast thou deceived me?' And it came to pass, that in the morning, behold, it was Leah: and he said to Laban, What is this you have done to me? did not I serve with you for Rachel? why then have you beguiled me? 
Genesis 29:26 And Laban said, It must not be so done in our country, to give the younger before the firstborn. And Laban said, It is not so done in our place, to give the younger before the first-born.Laban answered: It is not the custom in this place, to give the younger in marriage first. And Laban said, It is not so done in our place, to give the younger before the firstborn. And Laban said, It is not so done in our place, to give the younger before the firstborn. And Laban said, it must not be so done in our country, to give the younger before the first-born.Laban said, "It is not done so in our place, to give the younger before the firstborn. And Laban saith, 'It is not done so in our place, to give the younger before the first-born; And Laban said, It must not be so done in our country, to give the younger before the firstborn.
Genesis 29:27 Fulfil her week, and we will give thee this also for the service which thou shalt serve with me yet seven other years.Fulfil the week of this one, and we will give thee the other also for the service which thou shalt serve with me yet seven other years.Make up the week of days of this match: and I will give thee her also, for the service that thou shalt render me other seven years. Fulfil the week with this one: then we will give thee the other one also, for the service that thou shalt serve me yet seven other years.Fulfill the week of this one, and we will give thee the other also for the service which thou shalt serve with me yet seven other years.Fulfill her week, and we will give thee this also, for the service which thou shalt serve with me yet seven other years.Fulfill the week of this one, and we will give you the other also for the service which you will serve with me yet seven other years." fulfil the week of this one, and we give to thee also this one, for the service which thou dost serve with me yet seven other years.' Fulfill her week, and we will give you this also for the service which you shall serve with me yet seven other years.
Genesis 29:28 And Jacob did so, and fulfilled her week: and he gave him Rachel his daughter to wife also. And jacob did so, and fulfilled her week. And he gave him Rachel his daughter to wife.He yielded to his pleasure: and after the week was past, he married Rachel:  And Jacob did so, and fulfilled the week with this one, and he gave him Rachel his daughter to be his wife. And Jacob did so, and fulfilled her week: and he gave him Rachel his daughter to wife. And Jacob did so, and fulfilled her week: and he gave him Rachel, his daughter, for a wife also.Jacob did so, and fulfilled her week. He gave him Rachel his daughter as wife. And Jacob doth so, and fulfilleth the week of this one, and he giveth to him Rachel his daughter, to him for a wife; And Jacob did so, and fulfilled her week: and he gave him Rachel his daughter to wife also.
Genesis 29:29 And Laban gave to Rachel his daughter Bilhah his handmaid to be her maid. And Laban gave to Rachel his daughter Bilhah his handmaid to be her handmaid. To whom her father gave Bala for her servant. And Laban gave to Rachel his daughter, Bilhah, his maidservant, to be her maidservant. And Laban gave to Rachel his daughter Bilhah his handmaid to be her handmaid. And Laban gave to Rachel, his daughter, Bilhah, his handmaid, to be her maid.Laban gave to Rachel his daughter Bilhah, his handmaid, to be her handmaid. And Laban giveth to Rachel his daughter Bilhah his maid-servant, for a maid-servant to her. And Laban gave to Rachel his daughter Bilhah his handmaid to be her maid.
Genesis 29:30 And he went in also unto Rachel, and he loved also Rachel more than Leah, and served with him yet seven other years. And he went in also unto Rachel, and he loved also Rachel more than Leah, and served with him yet seven other years. And having at length obtained the marriage he wished for, he preferred the love of the latter before the former, and served with him other seven years. And he went in also to Rachel; and he loved also Rachel more than Leah. And he served with him yet seven other years. And he went in also unto Rachel, and he loved also Rachel more than Leah, and served with him yet seven other years. And he went in also to Rachel, and he loved also Rachel more than Leah, and served with him yet seven other years.He went in also to Rachel, and he loved also Rachel more than Leah, and served with him yet seven other years. And he goeth in also unto Rachel, and he also loveth Rachel more than Leah; and he serveth with him yet seven other years. And he went in also to Rachel, and he loved also Rachel more than Leah, and served with him yet seven other years.
Genesis 29:31 And when the LORD saw that Leah was hated, he opened her womb: but Rachel was barren. And Jehovah saw that Leah was hated, and he opened her womb. But Rachel was barren. And the Lord seeing that he despised Lia, opened her womb, but her sister remained barren. And when Jehovah saw that Leah was hated, he opened her womb; but Rachel was barren. And the LORD saw that Leah was hated, and he opened her womb: but Rachel was barren. And when the LORD saw that Leah was hated, he made her fruitful: but Rachel was barren.Yahweh saw that Leah was hated, and he opened her womb, but Rachel was barren. And Jehovah seeth that Leah is the hated one, and He openeth her womb, and Rachel is barren; And when the LORD saw that Leah was hated, he opened her womb: but Rachel was barren.
Genesis 29:32 And Leah conceived, and bare a son, and she called his name Reuben: for she said, Surely the LORD hath looked upon my affliction; now therefore my husband will love me. And Leah conceived, and bare a son, and she called his name Reuben. For she said, Because Jehovah hath looked upon my affliction. For now my husband will love me. And she conceived and bore a son, and called his name Ruben, saying: The Lord saw my affliction: now my husband will love me. And Leah conceived, and bore a son, and called his name Reuben; for she said, Because Jehovah has looked upon my affliction; for now my husband will love me. And Leah conceived, and bare a son, and she called his name Reuben: for she said, Because the LORD hath looked upon my affliction; for now my husband will love me. And Leah conceived, and bore a son, and she called his name Reuben: for she said, Surely the LORD hath looked upon my affliction; now therefore my husband will love me.Leah conceived, and bore a son, and she named him Reuben. For she said, "Because Yahweh has looked at my affliction. For now my husband will love me." and Leah conceiveth, and beareth a son, and calleth his name Reuben, for she said, 'Because Jehovah hath looked on mine affliction; because now doth my husband love me.' And Leah conceived, and bore a son, and she called his name Reuben: for she said, Surely the LORD has looked on my affliction; now therefore my husband will love me.
Genesis 29:33 And she conceived again, and bare a son; and said, Because the LORD hath heard that I was hated, he hath therefore given me this son also: and she called his name Simeon. And she conceived again, and bare a son: and said, Because Jehovah hath heard that I am hated, he hath therefore given me this'son also. And she called his name Simeon. And again she conceived and bore a son, and said: Because the Lord heard that I was despised, he hath given this also to me: and she called his name Simeon. And she again conceived, and bore a son, and said, Because Jehovah has heard that I am hated, he has therefore given me this one also; and she called his name Simeon. And she conceived again, and bare a son; and said, Because the LORD hath heard that I am hated, he hath therefore given me this son also: and she called his name Simeon. And she conceived again, and bore a son; and said, Because the LORD hath heard that I was hated, he hath therefore given me this son also: and she called his name Simeon. She conceived again, and bore a son, and said, "Because Yahweh has heard that I am hated, he has therefore given me this son also." She named him Simeon. And she conceiveth again, and beareth a son, and saith, 'Because Jehovah hath heard that I am the hated one, He also giveth to me even this one;' and she calleth his name Simeon. And she conceived again, and bore a son; and said, Because the LORD has heard I was hated, he has therefore given me this son also: and she called his name Simeon.
Genesis 29:34 And she conceived again, and bare a son; and said, Now this time will my husband be joined unto me, because I have born him three sons: therefore was his name called Levi. And she conceived again, and bare a son. And said, Now this time will my husband be joined unto me, because I have borne him three sons. Therefore was his name called Levi. And she conceived the third time, and bore another son: and said: Now also my husband will be joined to me, because I have borne him three sons: and therefore she called hi sname Levi. And she again conceived, and bore a son, and said, Now this time will my husband be united to me, for I have borne him three sons; therefore was his name called Levi. And she conceived again, and bare a son; and said, Now this time will my husband be joined unto me, because I have borne him three sons: therefore was his name called Levi. And she conceived again, and bore a son; and said, Now this time will my husband adhere to me, because I have borne him three sons: therefore was his name called Levi. She conceived again, and bore a son. Said, "Now this time will my husband be joined to me, because I have borne him three sons." Therefore was his name called Levi. And she conceiveth again, and beareth a son, and saith, 'Now is the time, my husband is joined unto me, because I have born to him three sons,' therefore hath one called his name Levi. And she conceived again, and bore a son; and said, Now this time will my husband be joined to me, because I have born him three sons: therefore was his name called Levi.
Genesis 29:35 And she conceived again, and bare a son: and she said, Now will I praise the LORD: therefore she called his name Judah; and left bearing. And she conceived again, and bare a son. And she said, This time will I praise Jehovah. Therefore she called his name Judah. And she left off bearing. The fourth time she conceived and bore a son, and said: now will I praise the Lord: and for this she called him Juda. And she left bearing. And she again conceived, and bore a son, and said, This time will I praise Jehovah; therefore she called his name Judah. And she ceased to bear. And she conceived again, and bare a son: and she said, This time will I praise the LORD: therefore she called his name Judah; and she left bearing. And she conceived again, and bore a son: and she said, Now will I praise the LORD: therefore she called his name Judah, and left bearing. She conceived again, and bore a son. She said, "This time will I praise Yahweh." Therefore she named him Judah. Then she stopped bearing. And she conceiveth again, and beareth a son, and saith this time, 'I praise Jehovah;' therefore hath she called his name Judah; and she ceaseth from bearing. And she conceived again, and bore a son: and she said, Now will I praise the LORD: therefore she called his name Judah; and left bearing.
Genesis 30:1 And when Rachel saw that she bare Jacob no children, Rachel envied her sister; and said unto Jacob, Give me children, or else I die. And when Rachel saw that she bare Jacob no children, Rachel envied her sister; and she said unto Jacob, Give me children, or else I die. And Rachel, seeing herself without children, envied her sister, and said to her husband: Give me children, otherwise I shall die. And when Rachel saw that she bore Jacob no children, Rachel envied her sister, and said to Jacob, Give me children, or else I die. And when Rachel saw that she bare Jacob no children, Rachel envied her sister; and she said unto Jacob, Give me children, or else I die. And when Rachel saw that she bore Jacob no children, Rachel envied her sister; and said to Jacob, Give me children, or else I die.When Rachel saw that she bore Jacob no children, Rachel envied her sister. She said to Jacob, "Give me children, or else I will die." And Rachel seeth that she hath not borne to Jacob, and Rachel is envious of her sister, and saith unto Jacob, 'Give me sons, and if there is none &#8212; I die.' And when Rachel saw that she bore Jacob no children, Rachel envied her sister; and said to Jacob, Give me children, or else I die.
Genesis 30:2 And Jacob's anger was kindled against Rachel: and he said, Am I in God's stead, who hath withheld from thee the fruit of the womb? And Jacob's anger was kindled against Rachel: and he said, Am I in God's stead, who hath withheld from thee the fruit of the womb? And Jacob being angry with her, answered: Am I as God, who hath deprived thee of the fruit of thy womb?  And Jacob's anger was kindled against Rachel, and he said, Am I in God's stead, who has withheld from thee the fruit of the womb? And Jacob's anger was kindled against Rachel: and he said, Am I in God's stead, who hath withheld from thee the fruit of the womb? And Jacob's anger was kindled against Rachel; and he said, Am I in God's stead, who hath withheld from thee the fruit of the womb? Jacob's anger was kindled against Rachel, and he said, "Am I in God's place, who has withheld from you the fruit of the womb?" And Jacob's anger burneth against Rachel, and he saith, 'Am I in stead of God who hath withheld from thee the fruit of the womb?' And Jacob's anger was kindled against Rachel: and he said, Am I in God's stead, who has withheld from you the fruit of the womb? 
Genesis 30:3 And she said, Behold my maid Bilhah, go in unto her; and she shall bear upon my knees, that I may also have children by her. And she said, Behold, my maid Bilhah, go in unto her; that she may bear upon my knees, and I also may obtain children by her.But she said: I have here my servant Bala: go in unto her, that she may bear upon my knees, and I may have children by her. And she said, Behold, there is my maid, Bilhah: go in to her, in order that she may bear on my knees, and I may also be built up by her. And she said, Behold my maid Bilhah, go in unto her; that she may bear upon my knees, and I also may obtain children by her. And she said, Behold, my maid Bilhah, go in to her; and she shall bear upon my knees, that I may also have children by her. She said, "Behold, my maid Bilhah. Go in to her, that she may bear on my knees, and I also may obtain children by her." And she saith, 'Lo, my handmaid Bilhah, go in unto her, and she doth bear on my knees, and I am built up, even I, from her;' And she said, Behold my maid Bilhah, go in to her; and she shall bear on my knees, that I may also have children by her.
Genesis 30:4 And she gave him Bilhah her handmaid to wife: and Jacob went in unto her. And she gave him Bilhah her handmaid to wife: and Jacob went in unto her. And she gave him Bala in marriage: who,  And she gave him Bilhah her maidservant as wife, and Jacob went in to her. And she gave him Bilhah her handmaid to wife: and Jacob went in unto her. And she gave him Bilhah, her handmaid, for a wife: and Jacob went in to her. She gave him Bilhah her handmaid as wife, and Jacob went in to her. And she giveth to him Bilhah her maid-servant for a wife, and Jacob goeth in unto her; And she gave him Bilhah her handmaid to wife: and Jacob went in to her.
Genesis 30:5 And Bilhah conceived, and bare Jacob a son. And Bilhah conceived, and bare Jacob a son.When her husband had gone in unto her, conceived and bore a son. And Bilhah conceived, and bore Jacob a son. And Bilhah conceived, and bare Jacob a son. And Bilhah conceived, and bore Jacob a son.Bilhah conceived, and bore Jacob a son. And Bilhah conceiveth, and beareth to Jacob a son, And Bilhah conceived, and bore Jacob a son.
Genesis 30:6 And Rachel said, God hath judged me, and hath also heard my voice, and hath given me a son: therefore called she his name Dan. And Rachel said, God hath judged me, and hath also heard my voice, and hath given me a son: therefore called she his name Dan. And Rachel said: The Lord hath judged for me, and hath heard my voice, giving me a son, and therefore she called his name Dan. And Rachel said, God has done me justice, and has also heard my voice, and given me a son; therefore she called his name Dan. And Rachel said, God hath judged me, and hath also heard my voice, and hath given me a son: therefore called she his name Dan. And Rachel said, God hath judged me, and hath also heard my voice, and hath given me a son: therefore she called his name Dan.Rachel said, "God has judged me, and has also heard my voice, and has given me a son." Therefore called she his name Dan. And Rachel saith, 'God hath decided for me, and also hath hearkened to my voice, and giveth to me a son;' therefore hath she called his name Dan. And Rachel said, God has judged me, and has also heard my voice, and has given me a son: therefore called she his name Dan.
Genesis 30:7 And Bilhah Rachel's maid conceived again, and bare Jacob a second son. And Bilhah Rachel's handmaid conceived again, and bare Jacob a second son. And again Bala conceived and bore another,  And Bilhah Rachel's maidservant again conceived, and bore Jacob a second son. And Bilhah Rachel's handmaid conceived again, and bare Jacob a second son. And Bilhah, Rachel's maid, conceived again, and bore Jacob a second son.Bilhah, Rachel's handmaid, conceived again, and bore Jacob a second son. And Bilhah, Rachel's maid-servant, conceiveth again, and beareth a second son to Jacob, And Bilhah Rachel's maid conceived again, and bore Jacob a second son.
Genesis 30:8 And Rachel said, With great wrestlings have I wrestled with my sister, and I have prevailed: and she called his name Naphtali. And Rachel said, With mighty wrestlings have I wrestled with my sister, and have prevailed: and she called his name Naphtali.For whom Rachel said: God hath compared me with my sister, and I have prevailed: and she called him Nephtali. And Rachel said, Wrestlings of God have I wrestled with my sister, and have prevailed; and she called his name Naphtali. And Rachel said, With mighty wrestlings have I wrestled with my sister, and have prevailed: and she called his name Naphtali. And Rachel said, With great wrestlings have I wrestled with my sister, and I have prevailed: and she called his name Naphtali.Rachel said, "With mighty wrestlings have I wrestled with my sister, and have prevailed." She named him Naphtali. And Rachel saith, 'With wrestlings of God I have wrestled with my sister, yea, I have prevailed;' and she calleth his name Napthali. And Rachel said, With great wrestlings have I wrestled with my sister, and I have prevailed: and she called his name Naphtali.
Genesis 30:9 When Leah saw that she had left bearing, she took Zilpah her maid, and gave her Jacob to wife.When Leah saw that she had left off bearing, she took Zilpah her handmaid, and gave her to Jacob to wife.Lia, perceiving that she had left off bearing, gave Zelpha her handmaid to her husband. And when Leah saw that she had ceased to bear, she took Zilpah her maidservant and gave her to Jacob as wife.When Leah saw that she had left bearing, she took Zilpah her handmaid, and gave her to Jacob to wife.When Leah saw that she had left bearing, she took Zilpah, her maid, and gave her Jacob for a wife.When Leah saw that she had finished bearing, she took Zilpah, her handmaid, and gave her to Jacob as a wife. And Leah seeth that she hath ceased from bearing, and she taketh Zilpah her maid-servant, and giveth her to Jacob for a wife; When Leah saw that she had left bearing, she took Zilpah her maid, and gave her Jacob to wife.
Genesis 30:10 And Zilpah Leah's maid bare Jacob a son. And Zilpah Leah's handmaid bare Jacob a son. And when she had conceived and brought forth a son,  And Zilpah Leah's maidservant bore Jacob a son. And Zilpah Leah's handmaid bare Jacob a son. And Zilpah, Leah's maid, bore Jacob a son.Zilpah, Leah's handmaid, bore Jacob a son. And Zilpah, Leah's maid-servant, beareth to Jacob a son, And Zilpah Leah's maid bore Jacob a son.
Genesis 30:11 And Leah said, A troop cometh: and she called his name Gad. And Leah said, Fortunate! and she called his name Gad. She said: Happily. And therefore called his name Gad. And Leah said, Fortunately! and she called his name Gad. And Leah said, Fortunate! and she called his name Gad. And Leah said, A troop cometh: and she called his name Gad.Leah said, "How fortunate!" She named him Gad. And Leah saith, 'A troop is coming;' and she calleth his name Gad. And Leah said, A troop comes: and she called his name Gad.
Genesis 30:12 And Zilpah Leah's maid bare Jacob a second son. And Zilpah Leah's handmaid bare Jacob a second son.Zelpha also bore another. And Zilpah Leah's maidservant bore Jacob a second son. And Zilpah Leah's handmaid bare Jacob a second son. And Zilpah, Leah's maid, bore Jacob a second son.Zilpah, Leah's handmaid, bore Jacob a second son. And Zilpah, Leah's maid-servant, beareth a second son to Jacob, And Zilpah Leah's maid bore Jacob a second son.
Genesis 30:13 And Leah said, Happy am I, for the daughters will call me blessed: and she called his name Asher. And Leah said, Happy am I! for the daughters will call me happy: and she called his name Asher. And Lia said: This is for my happiness: for women will call me blessed. Therefore she called him Aser. And Leah said, Happy am I; for the daughters will call me blessed! and she called his name Asher. And Leah said, Happy am I! for the daughters will call me happy: and she called his name Asher. And Leah said, Happy am I, for the daughters will call me blessed: and she called his name Asher.Leah said, "Happy am I, for the daughters will call me happy." She named him Asher. And Leah saith, 'Because of my happiness, for daughters have pronounced me happy;' and she calleth his name Asher. And Leah said, Happy am I, for the daughters will call me blessed: and she called his name Asher.
Genesis 30:14 And Reuben went in the days of wheat harvest, and found mandrakes in the field, and brought them unto his mother Leah. Then Rachel said to Leah, Give me, I pray thee, of thy son's mandrakes. And Reuben went in the days of wheat harvest, and found mandrakes in the field, and brought them unto his mother Leah. Then Rachel said to Leah, Give me, I pray thee, of thy son's mandrakes. And Ruben, going out in the time of the wheat harvest into the field, found mandrakes: which he brought to his mother Lia. And Rachel said: Give me part of thy son's mandrakes. And Reuben went out in the days of wheat-harvest, and found mandrakes in the fields; and he brought them to his mother Leah. And Rachel said to Leah, Give me, I pray thee, of thy son's mandrakes. And Reuben went in the days of wheat harvest, and found mandrakes in the field, and brought them unto his mother Leah. Then Rachel said to Leah, Give me, I pray thee, of thy son's mandrakes. And Reuben went, in the days of wheat-harvest, and found mandrakes in the field, and brought them to his mother Leah. Then Rachel said to Leah, Give me, I pray thee, of thy son's mandrakes.Reuben went in the days of wheat harvest, and found mandrakes in the field, and brought them to his mother, Leah. Then Rachel said to Leah, "Please give me some of your son's mandrakes." And Reuben goeth in the days of wheat-harvest, and findeth love-apples in the field, and bringeth them in unto Leah, his mother, and Rachel saith unto Leah, 'Give to me, I pray thee, of the love-apples of thy son.' And Reuben went in the days of wheat harvest, and found mandrakes in the field, and brought them to his mother Leah. Then Rachel said to Leah, Give me, I pray you, of your son's mandrakes.
Genesis 30:15 And she said unto her, Is it a small matter that thou hast taken my husband? and wouldest thou take away my son's mandrakes also? And Rachel said, Therefore he shall lie with thee to night for thy son's mandrakes. And she said unto her, Is it a small matter that thou hast taken away my husband? and wouldest thou take away my son's mandrakes also? And Rachel said, Therefore he shall lie with thee to-night for thy son's mandrakes. She answered: Dost thou think it a small matter, that thou hast taken my husband from me, unless thou take also my son's mandrakes? Rachel said: He shall sleep with thee this night, for thy son's mandrakes. And she said to her, Is it too little that thou hast taken my husband, that thou wilt take my son's mandrakes also? And Rachel said, Therefore he shall lie with thee to-night for thy son's mandrakes. And she said unto her, Is it a small matter that thou hast taken away my husband? and wouldest thou take away my son's mandrakes also? And Rachel said, Therefore he shall lie with thee to-night for thy son's mandrakes. And she said to her, Is it a small matter that thou hast taken my husband? and wouldest thou take away my son's mandrakes also? And Rachel said, Therefore he shall lie with thee to-night for thy son's mandrakes. She said to her, "Is it a small matter that you have taken away my husband? Would you take away my son's mandrakes, also?" Rachel said, "Therefore he will lie with you tonight for your son's mandrakes." And she saith to her, 'Is thy taking my husband a little thing, that thou hast taken also the love-apples of my son?' and Rachel saith, 'Therefore doth he lie with thee to-night, for thy son's love-apples.' And she said to her, Is it a small matter that you have taken my husband? and would you take away my son's mandrakes also? And Rachel said, Therefore he shall lie with you to night for your son's mandrakes.
Genesis 30:16 And Jacob came out of the field in the evening, and Leah went out to meet him, and said, Thou must come in unto me; for surely I have hired thee with my son's mandrakes. And he lay with her that night. And Jacob came from the field in the evening, and Leah went out to meet him, and said, Thou must come in unto me; for I have surely hired thee with my son's mandrakes. And he lay with her that night. And when Jacob returned at even from the field, Lia went out to meet him, and said: Thou shalt come in unto me, because I have hired thee for my son's mandrakes. And he slept with her that night. And when Jacob came from the fields in the evening, Leah went out to meet him, and said, Thou must come in to me, for indeed I have hired thee with my son's mandrakes. And he lay with her that night. And Jacob came from the field in the evening, and Leah went out to meet him, and said, Thou must come in unto me; for I have surely hired thee with my son's mandrakes. And he lay with her that night. And Jacob came from the field in the evening, and Leah went out to meet him, and said, Thou must come in to me; for surely I have hired thee with my son's mandrakes. And he lay with her that night.Jacob came from the field in the evening, and Leah went out to meet him, and said, "You must come in to me; for I have surely hired you with my son's mandrakes." He lay with her that night. And Jacob cometh in from the field at evening; and Leah goeth to meet him, and saith, 'Unto me dost thou come in, for hiring I have hired thee with my son's love-apples;' and he lieth with her during that night. And Jacob came out of the field in the evening, and Leah went out to meet him, and said, You must come in to me; for surely I have hired you with my son's mandrakes. And he lay with her that night.
Genesis 30:17 And God hearkened unto Leah, and she conceived, and bare Jacob the fifth son. And God hearkened unto Leah, and she conceived, and bare Jacob a fifth son. And God heard her prayers: and she conceived and bore the fifth son,  And God hearkened to Leah, and she conceived, and bore Jacob a fifth son. And God hearkened unto Leah, and she conceived, and bare Jacob a fifth son. And God hearkened to Leah, and she conceived, and bore Jacob the fifth son.God listened to Leah, and she conceived, and bore Jacob a fifth son. And God hearkeneth unto Leah, and she conceiveth, and beareth to Jacob a son, a fifth, And God listened to Leah, and she conceived, and bore Jacob the fifth son.
Genesis 30:18 And Leah said, God hath given me my hire, because I have given my maiden to my husband: and she called his name Issachar. And Leah said, God hath given me my hire, because I gave my handmaid to my husband: and she called his name Issachar. And said: God hath given me a reward, because I gave my handmaid to my husband. And she called his name Issachar. And Leah said, God has given me my hire, because I have given my maidservant to my husband; and she called his name Issachar. And Leah said, God hath given me my hire, because I gave my handmaid to my husband: and she called his name Issachar. And Leah said, God hath given me my hire, because I have given my maiden to my husband: and she called his name Issachar.Leah said, "God has given me my hire, because I gave my handmaid to my husband." She named him Issachar. And Leah saith, 'God hath given my hire, because I have given my maid-servant to my husband;' and she calleth his name Issachar. And Leah said, God has given me my hire, because I have given my maiden to my husband: and she called his name Issachar.
Genesis 30:19 And Leah conceived again, and bare Jacob the sixth son. And Leah conceived again, and bare a sixth son to Jacob. And Lia conceived again, and bore the sixth son,  And Leah again conceived, and bore Jacob a sixth son; And Leah conceived again, and bare a sixth son to Jacob. And Leah conceived again, and bore Jacob the sixth son.Leah conceived again, and bore a sixth son to Jacob. And conceive again doth Leah, and she beareth a sixth son to Jacob, And Leah conceived again, and bore Jacob the sixth son.
Genesis 30:20 And Leah said, God hath endued me with a good dowry; now will my husband dwell with me, because I have born him six sons: and she called his name Zebulun. And Leah said, God hath endowed me with a good dowry; now will my husband dwell with me, because I have borne him six sons: and she called his name Zebulun. And said: God hath endowed me with a good dowry: this turn also my husband will be with me, because I have borne him six sons: and therefore she called his name Zabulon. and Leah said, God has endowed me with a good dowry; this time will my husband dwell with me, because I have borne him six sons. And she called his name Zebulun. And Leah said, God hath endowed me with a good dowry; now will my husband dwell with me, because I have borne him six sons: and she called his name Zebulun. And Leah said, God hath endowed me with a good dower; now will my husband dwell with me, because I have borne him six sons: and she called his name Zebulun.Leah said, "God has endowed me with a good dowry. Now my husband will live with me, because I have borne him six sons." She named him Zebulun. And Leah saith, 'God hath endowed me &#8212; a good dowry; this time doth my husband dwell with me, for I have borne to him six sons;' and she calleth his name Zebulun; And Leah said, God has endued me with a good dowry; now will my husband dwell with me, because I have born him six sons: and she called his name Zebulun.
Genesis 30:21 And afterwards she bare a daughter, and called her name Dinah. And afterwards she bare a daughter, and called her name Dinah. After whom she bore a daughter, named Diana. And afterwards she bore a daughter, and called her name Dinah. And afterwards she bare a daughter, and called her name Dinah. And afterwards she bore a daughter, and called her name Dinah. Afterwards, she bore a daughter, and named her Dinah. And afterwards hath she born a daughter, and calleth her name Dinah. And afterwards she bore a daughter, and called her name Dinah.
Genesis 30:22 And God remembered Rachel, and God hearkened to her, and opened her womb. And God remembered Rachel, and God hearkened to her, and opened her womb. The Lord also remembering Rachel, heard her, and opened her womb. And God remembered Rachel, and God listened to her, and opened her womb. And God remembered Rachel, and God hearkened to her, and opened her womb. And God remembered Rachel, and God hearkened to her, and rendered her fruitful.God remembered Rachel, and God listened to her, and opened her womb. And God remembereth Rachel, and God hearkeneth unto her, and openeth her womb, And God remembered Rachel, and God listened to her, and opened her womb.
Genesis 30:23 And she conceived, and bare a son; and said, God hath taken away my reproach: And she conceived, and bare a son: and said, God hath taken away my reproach: And she conceived, and bore a son, saying: God hath taken my reproach. And she conceived, and bore a son, and said, God has taken away my reproach. And she conceived, and bare a son: and said, God hath taken away my reproach: And she conceived, and bore a son; and said, God hath taken away my reproach: She conceived, bore a son, and said, "God has taken away my reproach." and she conceiveth and beareth a son, and saith, 'God hath gathered up my reproach;' And she conceived, and bore a son; and said, God has taken away my reproach: 
Genesis 30:24 And she called his name Joseph; and said, The LORD shall add to me another son. And she called his name Joseph, saying, Jehovah add to me another son. And she called his name Joseph, saying: The Lord give me also another son. And she called his name Joseph; and said, Jehovah will add to me another son. And she called his name Joseph, saying, The LORD add to me another son. And she called his name Joseph; and said, The LORD will add to me another son. She named him Joseph, saying, "May Yahweh add another son to me." and she calleth his name Joseph, saying, 'Jehovah is adding to me another son.' And she called his name Joseph; and said, The LORD shall add to me another son.
Genesis 30:25 And it came to pass, when Rachel had born Joseph, that Jacob said unto Laban, Send me away, that I may go unto mine own place, and to my country. And it came to pass, when Rachel had borne Joseph, that Jacob said unto Laban, Send me away, that I may go unto mine own place, and to my country. And when Joseph was born, Jacob said to his father in law: Send me away that I may return into my country, and to my land. And it came to pass when Rachel had borne Joseph, that Jacob said to Laban, Send me away, that I may go to my place and to my country. And it came to pass, when Rachel had borne Joseph, that Jacob said unto Laban, Send me away, that I may go unto mine own place, and to my country. And it came to pass, when Rachel had borne Joseph, that Jacob said to Laban, Send me away, that I may go to my own place, and to my country.It happened, when Rachel had borne Joseph, that Jacob said to Laban, "Send me away, that I may go to my own place, and to my country. And it cometh to pass, when Rachel hath borne Joseph, that Jacob saith unto Laban, 'Send me away, and I go unto my place, and to my land; And it came to pass, when Rachel had born Joseph, that Jacob said to Laban, Send me away, that I may go to my own place, and to my country.
Genesis 30:26 Give me my wives and my children, for whom I have served thee, and let me go: for thou knowest my service which I have done thee.Give me my wives and my children for whom I have served thee, and let me go: for thou knowest my service wherewith I have served thee.Give me my wives, and my children, for whom I have served thee, that I may depart: thou knowest the service that I have rendered thee. Give me my wives for whom I have served thee, and my children; that I may go away, for thou knowest my service which I have served thee.Give me my wives and my children for whom I have served thee, and let me go: for thou knowest my service wherewith I have served thee.Give me my wives and my children, for whom I have served thee, and let me go: for thou knowest my service which I have done thee.Give me my wives and my children for whom I have served you, and let me go; for you know my service with which I have served you." give up my wives and my children, for whom I have served thee, and I go; for thou &#8212; thou hast known my service which I have served thee.' Give me my wives and my children, for whom I have served you, and let me go: for you know my service which I have done you.
Genesis 30:27 And Laban said unto him, I pray thee, if I have found favour in thine eyes, tarry: for I have learned by experience that the LORD hath blessed me for thy sake. And Laban said unto him, If now I have found favor in thine eyes, tarry : for I have divined that Jehovah hath blessed me for thy sake.Laban said to him: Let me find favour in thy sight: I have learned by experience, that God hath blessed me for thy sake. And Laban said to him, I pray thee, if I have found favour in thine eyes I have discovered that Jehovah has blessed me for thy sake. And Laban said unto him, If now I have found favour in thine eyes, tarry: for I have divined that the LORD hath blessed me for thy sake. And Laban said to him, I pray thee, if I have found favor in thine eyes, tarry: for I have learned by experience, that the LORD hath blessed me for thy sake.Laban said to him, "If now I have found favor in your eyes, stay here, for I have divined that Yahweh has blessed me for your sake." And Laban saith unto him, 'If, I pray thee, I have found grace in thine eyes &#8212; I have observed diligently that Jehovah doth bless me for thy sake.' And Laban said to him, I pray you, if I have found favor in your eyes, tarry: for I have learned by experience that the LORD has blessed me for your sake.
Genesis 30:28 And he said, Appoint me thy wages, and I will give it. And he said, Appoint me thy wages, and I will give it. Appoint thy wages which I shall give thee. And he said, Appoint to me thy wages, and I will give it. And he said, Appoint me thy wages, and I will give it. And he said, Appoint me thy wages, and I will give it.He said, "Appoint me your wages, and I will give it." He saith also, 'Define thy hire to me, and I give.' And he said, Appoint me your wages, and I will give it.
Genesis 30:29 And he said unto him, Thou knowest how I have served thee, and how thy cattle was with me. And he said unto him, Thou knowest how I have served thee, and how thy cattle have fared with me.But he answered: Thou knowest how I have served thee, and how great thy possession hath been in my hands. And he said to him, Thou knowest how I have served thee, and what thy cattle has become with me. And he said unto him, Thou knowest how I have served thee, and how thy cattle hath fared with me. And he said to him, Thou knowest how I have served thee, and how thy cattle were with me.He said to him, "You know how I have served you, and how your livestock have fared with me. And he saith unto him, 'Thou &#8212; thou hast known that which I have served thee in, and that which thy substance was with me; And he said to him, You know how I have served you, and how your cattle was with me.
Genesis 30:30 For it was little which thou hadst before I came, and it is now increased unto a multitude; and the LORD hath blessed thee since my coming: and now when shall I provide for mine own house also? For it was little which thou hadst before I came, and it hath increased unto a multitude; and Jehovah hath blessed thee whithersoever I turned: and now when shall I provide for mine own house also? Thou hadst but little before I came to thee, and now thou art become rich: and the Lord hath blessed thee at my coming. It is reasonable therefore that I should now provide also for my own house. For it was little that thou hadst before me, and it is increased to a multitude, and Jehovah has blessed thee from the time I came; and now, when shall I also provide for my house? For it was little which thou hadst before I came, and it hath increased unto a multitude; and the LORD hath blessed thee whithersoever I turned: and now when shall I provide for mine own house also? For it was little which thou hadst before I came, and it is now increased to a multitude; and the LORD hath blessed thee since my coming: and now when shall I provide for my own house also? For it was little which you had before I came, and it has increased to a multitude. Yahweh has blessed you wherever I turned. Now when will I provide for my own house also?" for it is little which thou hast had at my appearance, and it breaketh forth into a multitude, and Jehovah blesseth thee at my coming; and now, when do I make, I also, for mine own house?' For it was little which you had before I came, and it is now increased to a multitude; and the LORD has blessed you since my coming: and now when shall I provide for my own house also? 
Genesis 30:31 And he said, What shall I give thee? And Jacob said, Thou shalt not give me any thing: if thou wilt do this thing for me, I will again feed and keep thy flock: And he said, What shall I give thee? And Jacob said, Thou shalt not give me aught: if thou wilt do this thing for me, I will again feed thy flock and keep it. And Laban said: What shall I give thee? But he said: I require nothing: but if thou wilt do what I demand, I will feed, and keep thy sheep again. And he said, What shall I give thee? And Jacob said, Thou shalt not give me anything. If thou doest this for me, I will again feed and keep thy flock: And he said, What shall I give thee? And Jacob said, Thou shalt not give me aught: if thou wilt do this thing for me, I will again feed thy flock and keep it. And he said, What shall I give thee? And Jacob said, Thou shalt not give me any thing; if thou wilt do this thing for me, I will again feed and keep thy flock: He said, "What shall I give you?" Jacob said, "You shall not give me anything. If you will do this thing for me, I will again feed your flock and keep it. And he saith, 'What do I give to thee?' And Jacob saith, 'Thou dost not give me anything; if thou do for me this thing, I turn back; I have delight; thy flock I watch; And he said, What shall I give you? And Jacob said, You shall not give me any thing: if you will do this thing for me, I will again feed and keep your flock.
Genesis 30:32 I will pass through all thy flock to day, removing from thence all the speckled and spotted cattle, and all the brown cattle among the sheep, and the spotted and speckled among the goats: and of such shall be my hire.I will pass through all thy flock to-day, removing from thence every speckled and spotted one, and every black one among the sheep, and the spotted and speckled among the goats: and of such'shall be my hire.Go round through all thy flocks, and separate all the sheep of divers colours, and speckled: and all that is brown and spotted, and of divers colours, as well among the sheep, as among the goats, shall be my wages. I will pass through all thy flock to-day, to remove thence all the speckled and spotted sheep, and all the brown lambs, and the spotted and speckled among the goats; and that shall be my hire.I will pass through all thy flock today, removing from thence every speckled and spotted one, and every black one among the sheep, and the spotted and speckled among the goats: and of such shall be my hire.I will pass through all thy flock to-day, removing from thence all the speckled and spotted cattle, and all the brown cattle among the sheep, and the spotted and speckled among the goats: and of such shall be my hire.I will pass through all your flock today, removing from there every speckled and spotted one, and every black one among the sheep, and the spotted and speckled among the goats. This will be my hire.I pass through all thy flock to-day to turn aside from thence every sheep speckled and spotted, and every brown sheep among the lambs, and speckled and spotted among the goats &#8212; and it hath been my hire; I will pass through all your flock to day, removing from there all the speckled and spotted cattle, and all the brown cattle among the sheep, and the spotted and speckled among the goats: and of such shall be my hire.
Genesis 30:33 So shall my righteousness answer for me in time to come, when it shall come for my hire before thy face: every one that is not speckled and spotted among the goats, and brown among the sheep, that shall be counted stolen with me. So shall my righteousness answer for me hereafter, when thou shalt come concerning my hire that is before thee: every one that is not speckled and spotted among the goats, and black among the sheep, that if found with me, shall be counted stolen. And my justice shall answer for me to morrow before thee when the time of the bargain shall come: and all that is not of divers colours, and spotted, and brown, as well among the sheep as among the goats, shall accuse me of theft. And my righteousness shall answer for me hereafter, when thou comest about my hire, before thy face: all that is not speckled and spotted among the goats, and brown among the lambs, let that be stolen with me. So shall my righteousness answer for me hereafter, when thou shalt come concerning my hire that is before thee: every one that is not speckled and spotted among the goats, and black among the sheep, that if found with me shall be counted stolen. So shall my righteousness answer for me in time to come, when it shall come for my hire before thy face: every one that is not speckled and spotted among the goats, and brown among the sheep, that shall be accounted stolen with me. So my righteousness will answer for me hereafter, when you come concerning my hire that is before you. Every one that is not speckled and spotted among the goats, and black among the sheep, that might be with me, will be counted stolen." and my righteousness hath answered for me in the day to come, when it cometh in for my hire before thy face; &#8212; every one which is not speckled and spotted among my goats, and brown among my lambs &#8212; it is stolen with me.' So shall my righteousness answer for me in time to come, when it shall come for my hire before your face: every one that is not speckled and spotted among the goats, and brown among the sheep, that shall be counted stolen with me.
Genesis 30:34 And Laban said, Behold, I would it might be according to thy word. And Laban said, Behold, I would it might be according to thy word. And Laban said: I like well what thou demandest. And Laban said, Well, let it be according to thy word. And Laban said, Behold, I would it might be according to thy word. And Laban said, Behold, I would it might be according to thy word.Laban said, "Behold, let it be according to your word." And Laban saith, 'Lo, O that it were according to thy word;' And Laban said, Behold, I would it might be according to your word.
Genesis 30:35 And he removed that day the he goats that were ringstraked and spotted, and all the she goats that were speckled and spotted, and every one that had some white in it, and all the brown among the sheep, and gave them into the hand of his sons. And he removed that day the he-goats that were ringstreaked and spotted, and all the she-goats that were speckled and spotted, every one that had white in it, and all the black ones among the sheep, and gave them into the hand of his sons; And he separated the name day the she goats, and the sheep, and the he goats, and the rams of divers colours, and spotted: and all the flock of one colour, that is, of white and black fleece, he delivered into the hands of his sons. And he removed that day the he-goats that were ringstraked and spotted, and all the she-goats that were speckled and spotted, every one that had white in it, and all the brown among the lambs, and gave them into the hand of his sons. And he removed that day the he-goats that were ringstraked and spotted, and all the she-goats that were speckled and spotted, every one that had white in it, and all the black ones among the sheep, and gave them into the hand of his sons; And he removed that day the he-goats that were ring-streaked and spotted, and all the she-goats that were speckled and spotted; every one that had some white in it, and all the brown among the sheep, and gave them into the hands of his sons. That day, he removed the male goats that were streaked and spotted, and all the female goats that were speckled and spotted, every one that had white in it, and all the black ones among the sheep, and gave them into the hand of his sons. And he turneth aside during that day the ring-streaked and the spotted he-goats, and all the speckled and the spotted she-goats, every one that hath white in it, and every brown one among the lambs, and he giveth into the hand of his sons, And he removed that day the he goats that were ringstraked and spotted, and all the she goats that were speckled and spotted, and every one that had some white in it, and all the brown among the sheep, and gave them into the hand of his sons.
Genesis 30:36 And he set three days' journey betwixt himself and Jacob: and Jacob fed the rest of Laban's flocks. And he set three days journey betwixt himself and Jacob: and Jacob fed the rest of Laban's flocks. And he set the space of three days' journey betwixt himself and his son in law, who fed the rest of his flock. And he put three days' journey between himself and Jacob. And Jacob fed the rest of Laban's flock. And he set three days' journey betwixt himself and Jacob: and Jacob fed the rest of Laban's flocks. And he set three days' journey between himself and Jacob: and Jacob fed the rest of Laban's flocks.He set three days' journey between himself and Jacob, and Jacob fed the rest of Laban's flocks. And setteth a journey of three days between himself and Jacob; and Jacob is feeding the rest of the flock of Laban. And he set three days' journey between himself and Jacob: and Jacob fed the rest of Laban's flocks.
Genesis 30:37 And Jacob took him rods of green poplar, and of the hazel and chesnut tree; and pilled white strakes in them, and made the white appear which was in the rods. And Jacob took him rods of fresh poplar, and of the almond and of the plane-tree. And peeled white streaks in them, and made the white appear which was in the rods. And Jacob took green robs of poplar, and of almond, and of place trees, and pilled them in part: so when the bark was taken off, in the parts that were pilled, there appeared whiteness: but the parts that were whole remained green: and by this means the colour was divers. And Jacob took fresh rods of white poplar, almond-tree, and maple; and peeled off white stripes in them, uncovering the white which was on the rods. And Jacob took him rods of fresh poplar, and of the almond and of the plane tree; and peeled white strakes in them, and made the white appear which was in the rods. And Jacob took to him rods of green poplar, and of the hazel and chesnut-tree; and peeled white streaks in them, and made the white appear which was in the rods.Jacob took to himself rods of fresh poplar, almond, plane tree, peeled white streaks in them, and made the white appear which was in the rods. And Jacob taketh to himself a rod of fresh poplar, and of the hazel and chesnut, and doth peel in them white peelings, making bare the white that is on the rods, And Jacob took him rods of green poplar, and of the hazel and chesnut tree; and pilled white strakes in them, and made the white appear which was in the rods.
Genesis 30:38 And he set the rods which he had pilled before the flocks in the gutters in the watering troughs when the flocks came to drink, that they should conceive when they came to drink. And he set the rods which he had peeled over against the flocks in the gutters in the watering-troughs where the flocks came to drink; and they conceived when they came to drink. And he put them in the troughs, where the water was poured out: that when the flocks should come to drink, they might have the rods before their eyes, and in the sight of them might conceive. And he set the rods which he had peeled before the flock, in the troughs at the watering-places where the flock came to drink, and they were ardent when they came to drink. And he set the rods which he had peeled over against the flocks in the gutters in the watering troughs where the flocks came to drink; and they conceived when they came to drink. And he set the rods, which he had peeled, before the flocks in the gutters in the watering-troughs, when the flocks came to drink, that they should conceive when they came to drink.He set the rods which he had peeled opposite the flocks in the gutters in the watering-troughs where the flocks came to drink. They conceived when they came to drink. And setteth up the rods which he hath peeled in the gutters in the watering troughs (when the flock cometh in to drink), over-against the flock, that they may conceive in their coming in to drink; And he set the rods which he had pilled before the flocks in the gutters in the watering troughs when the flocks came to drink, that they should conceive when they came to drink.
Genesis 30:39 And the flocks conceived before the rods, and brought forth cattle ringstraked, speckled, and spotted. And the flocks conceived before the rods, and the flocks brought forth ringstreaked, speckled, and spotted. And it came to pass that in the very heat of coition, the sheep beheld the rods, and brought forth spotted, and of divers colours, and speckled. And the flock was ardent before the rods; and the flock brought forth ringstraked, speckled, and spotted. And the flocks conceived before the rods, and the flocks brought forth ringstraked, speckled, and spotted. And the flocks conceived before the rods, and brought forth cattle ring-streaked, speckled, and spotted. The flocks conceived before the rods, and the flocks brought forth streaked, speckled, and spotted. And the flocks conceive at the rods, and the flock beareth ring-streaked, speckled, and spotted ones. And the flocks conceived before the rods, and brought forth cattle ringstraked, speckled, and spotted.
Genesis 30:40 And Jacob did separate the lambs, and set the faces of the flocks toward the ringstraked, and all the brown in the flock of Laban; and he put his own flocks by themselves, and put them not unto Laban's cattle. And Jacob separated the lambs, and set the faces of the flocks toward the ringstreaked and all the black in the flock of Laban: and he put his own droves apart, and put them not unto Laban's flock. And Jacob separated the flock, and put the rods in the troughs before the eyes of the rams: and all the white and the black were Laban's: and the rest were Jacob's, when the flocks were separated one from the other. And Jacob separated the lambs, and set the faces of the flock toward the ringstraked, and all the brown in the flock of Laban; and he made himself separate flocks, and did not put them with Laban's flock. And Jacob separated the lambs, and set the faces of the flocks toward the ringstraked and all the black in the flock of Laban; and he put his own droves apart, and put them not unto Laban's flock. And Jacob separated the lambs, and set the faces of the flocks towards the ring-streaked, and all the brown in the flock of Laban: and he put his own flocks by themselves, and put them not with Laban's cattle.Jacob separated the lambs, and set the faces of the flocks toward the streaked and all the black in the flock of Laban: and he put his own droves apart, and didn't put them into Laban's flock. And the lambs hath Jacob parted, and he putteth the face of the flock towards the ring-streaked, also all the brown in the flock of Laban, and he setteth his own droves by themselves, and hath not set them near Laban's flock. And Jacob did separate the lambs, and set the faces of the flocks toward the ringstraked, and all the brown in the flock of Laban; and he put his own flocks by themselves, and put them not to Laban's cattle.
Genesis 30:41 And it came to pass, whensoever the stronger cattle did conceive, that Jacob laid the rods before the eyes of the cattle in the gutters, that they might conceive among the rods. And it came to pass, whensoever the stronger of the flock did conceive, that Jacob laid the rods before the eyes of the flock in the gutters, that they might conceive among the rods; So when the ewes went first to ram, Jacob put the rods in the roughs of water before the eyes of the rams, and of the ewes, that they might conceive while they were looking upon them:  And it came to pass whensoever the strong cattle were ardent, that Jacob laid the rods before the eyes of the flock in the gutters, that they might become ardent among the rods; And it came to pass, whensoever the stronger of the flock did conceive, that Jacob laid the rods before the eyes of the flock in the gutters, that they might conceive among the rods; And it came to pass, whenever the stronger cattle conceived, that Jacob laid the rods before the eyes of the cattle in the gutters, that they might conceive among the rods.It happened, whenever the stronger of the flock conceived, that Jacob laid the rods before the eyes of the flock in the gutters, that they might conceive among the rods; And it hath come to pass whenever the strong ones of the flock conceive, that Jacob set the rods before the eyes of the flock in the gutters, to cause them to conceive by the rods, And it came to pass, whenever the stronger cattle did conceive, that Jacob laid the rods before the eyes of the cattle in the gutters, that they might conceive among the rods.
Genesis 30:42 But when the cattle were feeble, he put them not in: so the feebler were Laban's, and the stronger Jacob's.but when the flock were feeble, he put them not in: so the feebler were Laban's, and the stronger Jacob's.But when the latter coming was, and the last conceiving, he did not put them. And those that were late ward, become Laban's: and they of the first time, Jacob's. but when the sheep were feeble, he put them not in; so the feeble were Laban's, and the strong Jacob's.but when the flock were feeble, he put them not in: so the feebler were Laban's, and the stronger Jacob's.But when the cattle were feeble, he put them not in: so the feebler were Laban's, and the stronger Jacob's.but when the flock were feeble, he didn't put them in. So the feebler were Laban's, and the stronger Jacob's. And when the flock is feeble, he doth not set them; and the feeble ones have been Laban's, and the strong ones Jacob's.But when the cattle were feeble, he put them not in: so the feebler were Laban's, and the stronger Jacob's.
Genesis 30:43 And the man increased exceedingly, and had much cattle, and maidservants, and menservants, and camels, and asses. And the man increased exceedingly, and had large flocks, and maid-servants and men-servants, and camels and asses. And the man was enriched exceedingly, and he had many flocks, maid servants and men servants, camels and asses. And the man increased very, very much, and had much cattle, and bondwomen, and bondmen, and camels, and asses. And the man increased exceedingly, and had large flocks, and maidservants and menservants, and camels and asses. And the man increased exceedingly, and had many cattle, and maid-servants, and men-servants, and camels, and asses. The man increased exceedingly, and had large flocks, female servants and male servants, and camels and donkeys. And the man increaseth very exceedingly, and hath many flocks, and maid-servants, and men-servants, and camels, and asses. And the man increased exceedingly, and had much cattle, and maidservants, and menservants, and camels, and asses.
Genesis 31:1 And he heard the words of Laban's sons, saying, Jacob hath taken away all that was our father's; and of that which was our father's hath he gotten all this glory. And he heard the words of Laban's sons, saying, Jacob hath taken away all that was our father's; and of that which was our father's hath he gotten all this glory.But after that he heard the words of the sons of Laban, saying: Jacob hath taken away all that was our father's, and being enriched by his substance is become great:  And he heard the words of Laban's sons, saying, Jacob has taken away all that was our father's, and of what was our father's he has acquired all this glory. And he heard the words of Laban's sons, saying, Jacob hath taken away all that was our father's; and of that which was our father's hath he gotten all this glory. And he heard the words of Laban's sons, saying, Jacob hath taken away all that was our father's; and of that which was our father's hath he obtained all this glory.He heard the words of Laban's sons, saying, "Jacob has taken away all that was our father's. From that which was our father's, has he gotten all this wealth." And he heareth the words of Laban's sons, saying, 'Jacob hath taken all that our father hath; yea, from that which our father hath, he hath made all this honour;' And he heard the words of Laban's sons, saying, Jacob has taken away all that was our father's; and of that which was our father's has he gotten all this glory.
Genesis 31:2 And Jacob beheld the countenance of Laban, and, behold, it was not toward him as before. And Jacob beheld the countenance of Laban, and, behold, it was not toward him as beforetime. And perceiving also that Laban's countenance was not towards him as yesterday and the other day,  And Jacob saw the countenance of Laban, and behold, it was not toward him as previously. And Jacob beheld the countenance of Laban, and, behold, it was not toward him as beforetime. And Jacob beheld the countenance of Laban, and behold, it was not towards him as before.Jacob saw the expression on Laban's face, and, behold, it was not toward him as before. And Jacob seeth the face of Laban, and lo, it is not with him as heretofore. And Jacob beheld the countenance of Laban, and, behold, it was not toward him as before.
Genesis 31:3 And the LORD said unto Jacob, Return unto the land of thy fathers, and to thy kindred; and I will be with thee. And Jehovah said unto Jacob, Return unto the land of thy fathers, and to thy kindred; and I will be with thee.Especially the Lord saying to him: Return into the land of thy fathers, and to thy kindred, and I will be with thee. And Jehovah said to Jacob, Return into the land of thy fathers, and to thy kindred; and I will be with thee. And the LORD said unto Jacob, Return unto the land of thy fathers, and to thy kindred; and I will be with thee. And the LORD said to Jacob, Return to the land of thy fathers, and to thy kindred; and I will be with thee.Yahweh said to Jacob, "Return to the land of your fathers, and to your relatives, and I will be with you." And Jehovah saith unto Jacob, 'Turn back unto the land of thy fathers, and to thy kindred, and I am with thee.' And the LORD said to Jacob, Return to the land of your fathers, and to your kindred; and I will be with you.
Genesis 31:4 And Jacob sent and called Rachel and Leah to the field unto his flock, And Jacob sent and called Rachel and Leah to the field unto his flock, He sent, and called Rachel and Lia into the field, where he fed the flocks,  And Jacob sent and called Rachel and Leah to the fields to his flock, And Jacob sent and called Rachel and Leah to the field unto his flock, And Jacob sent and called Rachel and Leah into the field to his flock, Jacob sent and called Rachel and Leah to the field to his flock, And Jacob sendeth and calleth for Rachel and for Leah to the field unto his flock; And Jacob sent and called Rachel and Leah to the field to his flock, 
Genesis 31:5 And said unto them, I see your father's countenance, that it is not toward me as before; but the God of my father hath been with me. And said unto them, I see your father's countenance, that it is not toward me as beforetime; but the God of my father hath been with me. And said to them: I see your father's countenance is not towards me as yesterday and the other day: but the God of my father hath been with me. and said to them, I see your father's countenance, that it is not toward me as previously; but the God of my father has been with me. And said unto them, I see your father's countenance, that it is not toward me as beforetime; but the God of my father hath been with me. And said to them, I see your father's countenance, that it is not towards me as before: but the God of my father hath been with me. And said to them, "I see the expression on your father's face, that it is not toward me as before; but the God of my father has been with me. And saith to them, 'I am beholding your father's face &#8212; that it is not towards me as heretofore, and the God of my father hath been with me, And said to them, I see your father's countenance, that it is not toward me as before; but the God of my father has been with me.
Genesis 31:6 And ye know that with all my power I have served your father. And ye know that will all my power I have served your father. And you know that I have served your father to the utmost of my power. And you know that with all my power I have served your father. And ye know that with all my power I have served your father. And ye know that with all my power I have served your father.You know that I have served your father with all of my strength. And ye &#8212; ye have known that with all my power I have served your father, And you know that with all my power I have served your father.
Genesis 31:7 And your father hath deceived me, and changed my wages ten times; but God suffered him not to hurt me. And your father hath deceived me, and changed my wages ten times; but God suffered him not to hurt me.Yea, your father also hath overreached me, and hath changes my wages ten times: and yet God hath not suffered him to hurt me. And your father has mocked me, and has changed my wages ten times; but God suffered him not to hurt me. And your father hath deceived me, and changed my wages ten times; but God suffered him not to hurt me. And your father hath deceived me, and changed my wages ten times: but God suffered him not to hurt me.Your father has deceived me, and changed my wages ten times, but God didn't allow him to hurt me. And your father hath played upon me, and hath changed my hire ten times; and God hath not suffered him to do evil with me. And your father has deceived me, and changed my wages ten times; but God suffered him not to hurt me.
Genesis 31:8 If he said thus, The speckled shall be thy wages; then all the cattle bare speckled: and if he said thus, The ringstraked shall be thy hire; then bare all the cattle ringstraked.If he said thus, The speckled shall be thy wages; then all the flock bare speckled: and if he said thus, The ringstreaked shall be thy wages; then bare all the flock ringstreaked.If at any time he said: The speckled shall be thy wages: all the sheep brought forth speckled: but when he said on the contrary: Thou shalt take all the white ones for thy wages: all the flocks brought forth white ones. If he said thus; The speckled shall be thy hire, then all the flocks bore speckled; and if he said thus: The ringstraked shall be thy hire, then all the flocks bore ringstraked.If he said thus, The speckled shall be thy wages; then all the flock bare speckled: and if he said thus, The ringstraked shall be thy wages; then bare all the flock ringstraked.If he said thus, The speckled shall be thy wages; then all the cattle bore speckled: and if he said thus, The ring-streaked shall be thy hire; then all the cattle bore ring-streaked.If he said this, 'The speckled will be your wages,' then all the flock bore speckled. If he said this, 'The streaked will be your wages,' then all the flock bore streaked.'If he say thus: The speckled are thy hire, then bare all the flock speckled ones; and if he say thus: The ring-streaked are thy hire, then bare all the flock ring-streaked; If he said thus, The speckled shall be your wages; then all the cattle bore speckled: and if he said thus, The ringstraked shall be your hire; then bore all the cattle ringstraked.
Genesis 31:9 Thus God hath taken away the cattle of your father, and given them to me. Thus God hath taken away the cattle of your father, and given them to me. And God hath taken your father's substance, and given it to me. And God has taken away the cattle of your father, and given them to me. Thus God hath taken away the cattle of your father, and given them to me. Thus God hath taken away the cattle of your father, and given them to me. Thus God has taken away your father's livestock, and given them to me. And God taketh away the substance of your father, and doth give to me. Thus God has taken away the cattle of your father, and given them to me.
Genesis 31:10 And it came to pass at the time that the cattle conceived, that I lifted up mine eyes, and saw in a dream, and, behold, the rams which leaped upon the cattle were ringstraked, speckled, and grisled. And it came to pass at the time that the flock conceive, that I lifted up mine eyes, and saw in a dream, and, behold, the he-goats which leaped upon the flock were ringstreaked, speckled, and grizzled.For after that time came of the ewes conceiving, I lifted up my eyes, and saw in my sleep that the males which leaped upon the females were of diverse colors, and spotted, and speckled. And it came to pass at the time of the ardour of the flocks, that I lifted up mine eyes, and saw in a dream, and behold, the rams that leaped upon the flocks were ringstraked, speckled, and spotted. And it came to pass at the time that the flock conceived, that I lifted up mine eyes, and saw in a dream, and, behold, the he-goats which leaped upon the flock were ringstraked, speckled, and grisled. And it came to pass at the time that the cattle conceived, that I lifted up my eyes, and saw in a dream, and behold, the rams which leaped upon the cattle were ring-streaked, speckled, and grizzled.It happened during mating season that I lifted up my eyes, and saw in a dream, and behold, the male goats which leaped on the flock were streaked, speckled, and grizzled. And it cometh to pass at the time of the flock conceiving, that I lift up mine eyes and see in a dream, and lo, the he-goats, which are going up on the flock, are ring-streaked, speckled, and grisled; And it came to pass at the time that the cattle conceived, that I lifted up my eyes, and saw in a dream, and, behold, the rams which leaped on the cattle were ringstraked, speckled, and spotted.
Genesis 31:11 And the angel of God spake unto me in a dream, saying, Jacob: And I said, Here am I. And the angel of God said unto me in the dream, Jacob: and I said, Here am I. And the angel of God said to me in my sleep: Jacob? And I answered: Here I am. And the Angel of God said to me in a dream, Jacob! And I said, Here am I. And the angel of God said unto me in the dream, Jacob: and I said, Here am I. And the angel of God spoke to me in a dream, saying, Jacob: And I said, Here am I. The angel of God said to me in the dream, 'Jacob,' and I said, 'Here I am.' and the messenger of God saith unto me in the dream, Jacob, and I say, Here am I. And the angel of God spoke to me in a dream, saying, Jacob: And I said, Here am I.
Genesis 31:12 And he said, Lift up now thine eyes, and see, all the rams which leap upon the cattle are ringstraked, speckled, and grisled: for I have seen all that Laban doeth unto thee. And he said, Lift up now thine eyes, and see, all the he-goats which leap upon the flock are ringstreaked, speckled, and grizzled: for I have seen all that Laban doeth unto thee. And he said: Lift up thy eyes, and see that all the males leaping upon the females, are of divers colors, spotted, and speckled. For I have seen all that Laban hath done to thee. And he said, Lift up now thine eyes, and see: all the rams that leap upon the flock are ringstraked, speckled, and spotted; for I have seen all that Laban does to thee. And he said, Lift up now thine eyes, and see, all the he-goats which leap upon the flock are ringstraked, speckled, and grisled: for I have seen all that Laban doeth unto thee. And he said, Lift up now thy eyes and see, all the rams which leap upon the cattle are ring-streaked, speckled, and grizzled: for I have seen all that Laban doeth to thee.He said, 'Now lift up your eyes, and behold, all the male goats which leap on the flock are streaked, speckled, and grizzled, for I have seen all that Laban does to you. And He saith, Lift up, I pray thee, thine eyes, and see &#8212; all the he-goats which are going up on the flock are ring-streaked, speckled, and grisled, for I have seen all that Laban is doing to thee; And he said, Lift up now your eyes, and see, all the rams which leap on the cattle are ringstraked, speckled, and spotted: for I have seen all that Laban does to you.
Genesis 31:13 I am the God of Bethel, where thou anointedst the pillar, and where thou vowedst a vow unto me: now arise, get thee out from this land, and return unto the land of thy kindred.I am the God of Beth-el, where thou anointedst a pillar, where thou vowedst a vow unto me: now arise, get thee out from this land, and return unto the land of thy nativity.I am the God of Bethel, where thou didst anoint the stone, and make a vow to me. Now therefore arise, and go out of this land, and return into thy native country. I am the God of Bethel, where thou anointedst the pillar, where thou vowedst a vow to me. Now arise, depart out of this land, and return to the land of thy kindred.I am the God of Beth-el, where thou anointedst a pillar, where thou vowedst a vow unto me: now arise, get thee out from this land, and return unto the land of thy nativity.I am the God of Beth-el, where thou anointedst the pillar, and where thou vowedst to me a vow: now arise, depart from this land, and return to the land of thy kindred.I am the God of Bethel, where you anointed a pillar, where you vowed a vow to me. Now arise, get out from this land, and return to the land of your birth.'" I am the God of Bethel where thou hast anointed a standing pillar, where thou hast vowed a vow to me; now, arise, go out from this land, and turn back unto the land of thy birth.' I am the God of Bethel, where you anointed the pillar, and where you vowed a vow to me: now arise, get you out from this land, and return to the land of your kindred.
Genesis 31:14 And Rachel and Leah answered and said unto him, Is there yet any portion or inheritance for us in our father's house? And Rachel and Leah answered and said unto him, Is there yet any portion or inheritance for us in our father's house? And Rachel and Lia answered: Have we anything left among the goods and inheritance of our father's house?  And Rachel and Leah answered and said to him, Is there yet any portion or inheritance for us in our father's house? And Rachel and Leah answered and said unto him, Is there yet any portion or inheritance for us in our father's house? And Rachel and Leah answered, and said to him, Is there yet any portion or inheritance for us in our father's house? Rachel and Leah answered him, "Is there yet any portion or inheritance for us in our father's house? And Rachel answereth &#8212; Leah also &#8212; and saith to him, 'Have we yet a portion and inheritance in the house of our father? And Rachel and Leah answered and said to him, Is there yet any portion or inheritance for us in our father's house? 
Genesis 31:15 Are we not counted of him strangers? for he hath sold us, and hath quite devoured also our money. Are we not accounted by him as foreigners? for he hath sold us, and hath also quite devoured our money.Hath he not counted us as strangers and sold us, and eaten up the price of us?  Are we not reckoned of him strangers? for he has sold us, and has even constantly devoured our money. Are we not counted of him strangers? for he hath sold us, and hath also quite devoured our money. Are we not counted by him strangers; for he hath sold us, and hath quite consumed also our money. Aren't we accounted by him as foreigners? For he has sold us, and has also quite devoured our money.have we not been reckoned strangers to him? for he hath sold us, and he also utterly consumeth our money; Are we not counted of him strangers? for he has sold us, and has quite devoured also our money.
Genesis 31:16 For all the riches which God hath taken from our father, that is ours, and our children's: now then, whatsoever God hath said unto thee, do.For all the riches which God hath taken away from our father, that is ours and our children's: now then, whatsoever God hath said unto thee, do.But God hath taken our father's riches, and delivered them to us, and to our children: wherefore do all that God hath commanded thee. For all the wealth that God has taken from our father is ours and our children's; and now whatever God has said to thee do.For all the riches which God hath taken away from our father, that is ours and our children's: now then, whatsoever God hath said unto thee, do.For all the riches which God hath taken from our father, that is ours, and our children's: now then whatever God hath said to thee, do.For all the riches which God has taken away from our father, that is ours and our children's. Now then, whatever God has said to you, do." for all the wealth which God hath taken away from our father, it is ours, and our children's; and now, all that God hath said unto thee &#8212; do.' For all the riches which God has taken from our father, that is ours, and our children's: now then, whatever God has said to you, do.
Genesis 31:17 Then Jacob rose up, and set his sons and his wives upon camels; Then Jacob rose up, and set his sons and his wives upon the camels; Then Jacob rose up, and having set his children and wives upon camels, went his way. And Jacob rose up, and set his sons and his wives upon camels, Then Jacob rose up, and set his sons and his wives upon the camels; Then Jacob arose, and set his sons and his wives upon camels; Then Jacob rose up, and set his sons and his wives on the camels, And Jacob riseth, and lifteth up his sons and his wives on the camels, Then Jacob rose up, and set his sons and his wives on camels; 
Genesis 31:18 And he carried away all his cattle, and all his goods which he had gotten, the cattle of his getting, which he had gotten in Padanaram, for to go to Isaac his father in the land of Canaan. And he carried away all his cattle, and all his substance which he had gathered, the cattle of his getting, which he had gathered in Paddan-aram, to go to Isaac his father unto the land of Canaan. And he took all his substance, and flocks, and whatsoever he had gotten in Mesopotamia, and went forward to Isaac his father to the land of Chanaan. and carried away all his cattle, and all his property that he had acquired the cattle of his possessions that he had acquired in Padan-Aram, to go to Isaac his father, into the land of Canaan. And he carried away all his cattle, and all his substance which he had gathered, the cattle of his getting, which he had gathered in Paddan-aram, for to go to Isaac his father unto the land of Canaan. And he carried away all his cattle, and all his goods which he had gained, the cattle of his getting, which he had gained in Padan-aram; to go to Isaac, his father, in the land of Canaan. And he took away all his livestock, and all his possessions which he had gathered, including the livestock which he had gained in Paddan Aram, to go to Isaac his father, to the land of Canaan. And leadeth all his cattle, and all his substance which he hath acquired, the cattle of his getting, which he hath acquired in Padan-Aram, to go unto Isaac his father, to the land of Canaan. And he carried away all his cattle, and all his goods which he had gotten, the cattle of his getting, which he had gotten in Padanaram, for to go to Isaac his father in the land of Canaan.
Genesis 31:19 And Laban went to shear his sheep: and Rachel had stolen the images that were her father's.Now Laban was gone to shear his sheep: and Rachel stole the teraphim that were her father's. At that time Laban was gone to shear his sheep, and Rachel stole away her father's idols. And Laban had gone to shear his sheep. And Rachel stole the teraphim that belonged to her father.Now Laban was gone to shear his sheep: and Rachel stole the teraphim that were her father's. And Laban went to shear his sheep; and Rachel had stolen the images that were her father's.Now Laban had gone to shear his sheep: and Rachel stole the teraphim that were her father's. And Laban hath gone to shear his flock, and Rachel stealeth the teraphim which her father hath; And Laban went to shear his sheep: and Rachel had stolen the images that were her father's.
Genesis 31:20 And Jacob stole away unawares to Laban the Syrian, in that he told him not that he fled. And Jacob stole away unawares to Laban the Syrian, in that he told him not that he fled. And Jacob would not confess to his father in law that he was flying away. And Jacob deceived Laban the Syrian, in that he did not tell him that he fled. And Jacob stole away unawares to Laban the Syrian, in that he told him not that he fled. And Jacob stole away unawares to Laban the Syrian, in that he told him not that he was about to depart.Jacob deceived Laban the Syrian, in that he didn't tell him that he was running away. And Jacob deceiveth the heart of Laban the Aramaean, because he hath not declared to him that he is fleeing; And Jacob stole away unawares to Laban the Syrian, in that he told him not that he fled.
Genesis 31:21 So he fled with all that he had; and he rose up, and passed over the river, and set his face toward the mount Gilead. So he fled with all that he had; and he rose up, and passed over the River, and set his face toward the mountain of Gilead. And when he was gone, together with all that belonged to him, and having passed the river, was going on towards mount Galaad,  And he fled with all that he had; and he rose up and passed over the river, and set his face toward mount Gilead. So he fled with all that he had; and he rose up, and passed over the River, and set his face toward the mountain of Gilead. So he fled with all that he had; and he arose, and passed over the river, and set his face towards the mount Gilead. So he fled with all that he had. He rose up, passed over the River, and set his face toward the mountain of Gilead. And he fleeth, he and all that he hath, and riseth, and passeth over the River, and setteth his face toward the mount of Gilead. So he fled with all that he had; and he rose up, and passed over the river, and set his face toward the mount Gilead.
Genesis 31:22 And it was told Laban on the third day that Jacob was fled. And it was told Laban on the third day that Jacob was fled.It was told Laban on the third day that Jacob fled. And it was told Laban on the third day that Jacob had fled. And it was told Laban on the third day that Jacob was fled. And it was told Laban on the third day that Jacob had fled.Laban was told on the third day that Jacob had fled. And it is told to Laban on the third day that Jacob hath fled, And it was told Laban on the third day that Jacob was fled.
Genesis 31:23 And he took his brethren with him, and pursued after him seven days' journey; and they overtook him in the mount Gilead. And he took his brethren with him, and pursued after him seven days journey; and he overtook him in the mountain of Gilead. And he took his brethren with him, and pursued after him seven days; and overtook him in the mount of Galaad. And he took his brethren with him, and pursued after him seven days' journey, and overtook him on mount Gilead. And he took his brethren with him, and pursued after him seven days' journey; and he overtook him in the mountain of Gilead. And he took his brethren with him, and pursued after him seven days' journey: and they overtook him in the mount Gilead.He took his relatives with him, and pursued after him seven days' journey. He overtook him in the mountain of Gilead. And he taketh his brethren with him, and pursueth after him a journey of seven days, and overtaketh him in the mount of Gilead. And he took his brothers with him, and pursued after him seven days' journey; and they overtook him in the mount Gilead.
Genesis 31:24 And God came to Laban the Syrian in a dream by night, and said unto him, Take heed that thou speak not to Jacob either good or bad. And God came to Laban the Syrian in a dream of the night, and said unto him, Take heed to thyself that thou speak not to Jacob either good or bad. And he saw in a dream God saying to him: Take heed thou speak not any thing harshly against Jacob. And God came to Laban the Syrian in a dream by night, and said to him, Take care thou speak not to Jacob either good or bad. And God came to Laban the Syrian in a dream of the night, and said unto him, Take heed to thyself that thou speak not to Jacob either good or bad. And God came to Laban, the Syrian, in a dream by night, and said to him, Take heed that thou speak not to Jacob either good or bad.God came to Laban, the Syrian, in a dream of the night, and said to him, "Take heed to yourself that you don't speak to Jacob either good or bad." And God cometh in unto Laban the Aramaean in a dream of the night, and saith to him, 'Take heed to thyself lest thou speak with Jacob from good unto evil.' And God came to Laban the Syrian in a dream by night, and said to him, Take heed that you speak not to Jacob either good or bad.
Genesis 31:25 Then Laban overtook Jacob. Now Jacob had pitched his tent in the mount: and Laban with his brethren pitched in the mount of Gilead. And Laban came up with Jacob. Now Jacob had pitched his tent in the mountain: and Laban with his brethren encamped in the mountain of Gilead.Now Jacob had pitched his tent in the mountain: and when he with his brethren had overtaken him, he pitched his tent in the same mount of Galaad. And Laban came up with Jacob; and Jacob had pitched his tent on the mountain; Laban also with his brethren pitched on mount Gilead. And Laban came up with Jacob. Now Jacob had pitched his tent in the mountain: and Laban with his brethren pitched in the mountain of Gilead. Then Laban overtook Jacob. Now Jacob had pitched his tent in the mount: and Laban, with his brethren, pitched in the mount of Gilead.Laban caught up with Jacob. Now Jacob had pitched his tent in the mountain, and Laban with his relatives encamped in the mountain of Gilead. And Laban overtaketh Jacob; and Jacob hath fixed his tent in the mount; and Laban with his brethren have fixed theirs in the mount of Gilead. Then Laban overtook Jacob. Now Jacob had pitched his tent in the mount: and Laban with his brothers pitched in the mount of Gilead.
Genesis 31:26 And Laban said to Jacob, What hast thou done, that thou hast stolen away unawares to me, and carried away my daughters, as captives taken with the sword? And Laban said to Jacob, What hast thou done, that thou hast stolen away unawares to me, and carried away my daughters as captives of the sword? And he said to Jacob: Why hast thou done thus, to carry away, without my knowledge, my daughters, as captives taken with the sword. And Laban said to Jacob, What hast thou done, that thou hast deceived me, and hast carried away my daughters as captives of war? And Laban said to Jacob, What hast thou done, that thou hast stolen away unawares to me, and carried away my daughters as captives of the sword? And Laban said to Jacob, What hast thou done, that thou hast stolen away unawares to me, and carried away my daughters, as captives taken with the sword? Laban said to Jacob, "What have you done, that you have deceived me, and carried away my daughters like captives of the sword? And Laban saith to Jacob, 'What hast thou done that thou dost deceive my heart, and lead away my daughters as captives of the sword? And Laban said to Jacob, What have you done, that you have stolen away unawares to me, and carried away my daughters, as captives taken with the sword? 
Genesis 31:27 Wherefore didst thou flee away secretly, and steal away from me; and didst not tell me, that I might have sent thee away with mirth, and with songs, with tabret, and with harp? Wherefore didst thou flee secretly, and steal away from me, and didst not tell me, that I might have sent thee away with mirth and with songs, with tabret and with harp; Why wouldst thou run away privately and not acquaint me, that I might have brought thee on the way with joy, and with songs, and with timbrels, and with harps?  Why didst thou flee away covertly, and steal away from me, and didst not tell me, that I might have conducted thee with mirth and with songs, with tambour and with harp; Wherefore didst thou flee secretly, and steal away from me; and didst not tell me, that I might have sent thee away with mirth and with songs, with tabret and with harp; Why didst thou flee away secretly, and steal away from me, and didst not tell me, that I might have sent thee away with mirth, and with songs, with tabret, and with harp? Why did you flee secretly, and deceive me, and didn't tell me, that I might have sent you away with mirth and with songs, with tambourine and with harp; Why hast thou hidden thyself to flee, and deceivest me, and hast not declared to me, and I send thee away with joy and with songs, with tabret and with harp, Why did you flee away secretly, and steal away from me; and did not tell me, that I might have sent you away with mirth, and with songs, with tabret, and with harp? 
Genesis 31:28 And hast not suffered me to kiss my sons and my daughters? thou hast now done foolishly in so doing. And didst not suffer me to kiss my sons and my daughters? now hast thou done foolishly. Thou hast not suffered me to kiss my sons and daughters: thou hast done foolishly: and now, indeed,  and hast not suffered me to kiss my sons and my daughters? Now thou hast acted foolishly. And hast not suffered me to kiss my sons and my daughters? now hast thou done foolishly. And hast not suffered me to kiss my sons, and my daughters? thou hast now done foolishly in so doing. And didn't allow me to kiss my sons and my daughters? Now have you done foolishly. And hast not suffered me to kiss my sons and my daughters? &#8212; now thou hast acted foolishly in doing so; And have not suffered me to kiss my sons and my daughters? you have now done foolishly in so doing.
Genesis 31:29 It is in the power of my hand to do you hurt: but the God of your father spake unto me yesternight, saying, Take thou heed that thou speak not to Jacob either good or bad.It is in the power of my hand to do you hurt: but the God of your father spake unto me yesternight, saying, Take heed to thyself that thou speak not to Jacob either good or bad.It is in my power to return thee evil: but the God of your father said to me yesterday: Take heed thou speak not any things harshly against Jacob. It would be in the power of my hand to do you hurt; but the God of your father spoke to me last night, saying, Take care that thou speak not to Jacob either good or bad.It is in the power of my hand to do you hurt: but the God of your father spake unto me yesternight, saying, Take heed to thyself that thou speak not to Jacob either good or bad.It is in the power of my hand to do you hurt: but the God of your father spoke to me yesternight, saying, Take thou heed that thou speak not to Jacob either good or bad.It is in the power of my hand to hurt you, but the God of your father spoke to me last night, saying, 'Take heed to yourself that you don't speak to Jacob either good or bad.' my hand is to God to do evil with you, but the God of your father yesternight hath spoken unto me, saying, Take heed to thyself from speaking with Jacob from good unto evil.It is in the power of my hand to do you hurt: but the God of your father spoke to me last night, saying, Take you heed that you speak not to Jacob either good or bad.
Genesis 31:30 And now, though thou wouldest needs be gone, because thou sore longedst after thy father's house, yet wherefore hast thou stolen my gods? And now, though thou wouldest needs be gone, because thou sore longedst after thy father's house, yet wherefore hast thou stolen my gods? Suppose thou didst desire to go to thy friends, and hadst a longing after thy father's house: why hast thou stolen away my gods?  And now that thou must needs be gone, because thou greatly longedst after thy father's house, why hast thou stolen my gods? And now, though thou wouldest needs be gone, because thou sore longedst after thy father's house, yet wherefore hast thou stolen my gods? And now, though thou wouldest needs be gone, because thou didst earnestly long after thy father's house; yet why hast thou stolen my gods? Now, you want to be gone, because you greatly longed for your father's house, but why have you stolen my gods?" 'And now, thou hast certainly gone, because thou hast been very desirous for the house of thy father; why hast thou stolen my gods?' And now, though you would needs be gone, because you sore longed after your father's house, yet why have you stolen my gods? 
Genesis 31:31 And Jacob answered and said to Laban, Because I was afraid: for I said, Peradventure thou wouldest take by force thy daughters from me. And Jacob answered and said to Laban, Because I was afraid: for I said, Lest thou shouldest take thy daughters from me by force.Jacob answered: That I departed unknown to thee, it was for fear lest thou wouldst take away thy daughters by force. And Jacob answered and said to Laban, I was afraid; for I said, Lest thou shouldest take by force thy daughters from me. And Jacob answered and said to Laban, Because I was afraid: for I said, Lest thou shouldest take thy daughters from me by force. And Jacob answered and said to Laban, Because I was afraid: for I said, It may be thou wouldest take thy daughters from me by force.Jacob answered Laban, "Because I was afraid, for I said, 'Lest you should take your daughters from me by force.' And Jacob answereth and saith to Laban, 'Because I was afraid, for I said, Lest thou take violently away thy daughters from me; And Jacob answered and said to Laban, Because I was afraid: for I said, Peradventure you would take by force your daughters from me.
Genesis 31:32 With whomsoever thou findest thy gods, let him not live: before our brethren discern thou what is thine with me, and take it to thee. For Jacob knew not that Rachel had stolen them.With whomsoever thou findest thy gods, he shall not live: before our brethren discern thou what is thine with me, and take it to thee. For Jacob knew not that Rachel had stolen them.But whereas thou chargest me with theft: with whomsoever thou shalt find thy gods, let him be slain before our brethren. Search, and if thou find any of thy things with me, take them away. Now when he said this, he knew not that Rachel had stolen the idols. With whomsoever thou findest thy gods, he shall not live. Before our brethren discern what is thine with me, and take it to thee. But Jacob did not know that Rachel had stolen them.With whomsoever thou findest thy gods, he shall not live: before our brethren discern thou what is thine with me, and take it to thee. For Jacob knew not that Rachel had stolen them.With whomsoever thou findest thy gods, let him not live: before our brethren discern thou what is thine with me, and take it to thee: for Jacob knew not that Rachel had stolen them. Anyone you find your gods with shall not live. Before our relatives, discern what is yours with me, and take it." For Jacob didn't know that Rachel had stolen them.with whomsoever thou findest thy gods &#8212; he doth not live; before our brethren discern for thyself what is with me, and take to thyself:' and Jacob hath not known that Rachel hath stolen them.With whomsoever you find your gods, let him not live: before our brothers discern you what is your with me, and take it to you. For Jacob knew not that Rachel had stolen them.
Genesis 31:33 And Laban went into Jacob's tent, and into Leah's tent, and into the two maidservants' tents; but he found them not. Then went he out of Leah's tent, and entered into Rachel's tent. And Laban went into Jacob's tent, and into Leah's tent, and into the tent of the two maid-servants; but he found them not. And he went out of Leah's tent, and entered into Rachel's tent. So Laban went into the tent of Jacob, and of Lia, and of both the handmaids, and found them not. And when he was entered into Rachel's tent,  And Laban went into Jacob's tent, and into Leah's tent, and into the two handmaids' tents, and found nothing; and he went out of Leah's tent, and entered into Rachel's tent. And Laban went into Jacob's tent, and into Leah's tent, and into the tent of the two maidservants; but he found them not. And he went out of Leah's tent, and entered into Rachel's tent. And Laban went into Jacob's tent, and into Leah's tent, and into the two maid-servants' tents; but he found them not. Then he went out of Leah's tent, and entered into Rachel's tent.Laban went into Jacob's tent, into Leah's tent, and into the tent of the two female servants; but he didn't find them. He went out of Leah's tent, and entered into Rachel's tent. And Laban goeth into the tent of Jacob, and into the tent of Leah, and into the tent of the two handmaidens, and hath not found; and he goeth out from the tent of Leah, and goeth into the tent of Rachel. And Laban went into Jacob's tent, and into Leah's tent, and into the two maidservants' tents; but he found them not. Then went he out of Leah's tent, and entered into Rachel's tent.
Genesis 31:34 Now Rachel had taken the images, and put them in the camel's furniture, and sat upon them. And Laban searched all the tent, but found them not.Now Rachel had taken the teraphim, and put them in the camel's saddle, and sat upon them. And Laban felt about all the tent, but found them not. She in haste hid the idols under the camel's furniture, and sat upon them: and when he had searched all the tent, and found nothing,  Now Rachel had taken the teraphim and put them under the camel's saddle; and she sat upon them. And Laban explored all the tent, but found nothing.Now Rachel had taken the teraphim, and put them in the camel's furniture, and sat upon them. And Laban felt about all the tent, but found them not.Now Rachel had taken the images, and put them in the camel's furniture, and sat upon them. And Laban searched all the tent, but found them not.Now Rachel had taken the teraphim, put them in the camel's saddle, and sat on them. Laban felt about all the tent, but didn't find them. And Rachel hath taken the teraphim, and putteth them in the furniture of the camel, and sitteth upon them; and Laban feeleth all the tent, and hath not found; Now Rachel had taken the images, and put them in the camel's furniture, and sat on them. And Laban searched all the tent, but found them not.
Genesis 31:35 And she said to her father, Let it not displease my lord that I cannot rise up before thee; for the custom of women is upon me. And he searched, but found not the images. And she said to her father, Let not my lord be angry that I cannot rise up before thee; for the manner of women is upon me. And he searched, but found not the teraphim. She said: Let not my lord be angry that I cannot rise up before thee, because it has now happened to me, according to the custom of women, So his careful search was in vain. And she said to her father, Let it not be an occasion of anger in the eyes of my lord that I cannot rise up before thee, for it is with me after the manner of women. And he searched carefully, but did not find the teraphim. And she said to her father, Let not my lord be angry that I cannot rise up before thee; for the manner of women is upon me. And he searched, but found not the teraphim. And she said to her father, Let it not displease my lord that I cannot rise up before thee; for the custom of women is upon me. And he searched, but found not the images. She said to her father, "Don't let my lord be angry that I can't rise up before you; for I'm having my period." He searched, but didn't find the teraphim. And she saith unto her father, 'Let it not be displeasing in the eyes of my lord that I am not able to rise at thy presence, for the way of women is on me;' and he searcheth, and hath not found the teraphim. And she said to her father, Let it not displease my lord that I cannot rise up before you; for the custom of women is on me. And he searched but found not the images.
Genesis 31:36 And Jacob was wroth, and chode with Laban: and Jacob answered and said to Laban, What is my trespass? what is my sin, that thou hast so hotly pursued after me? And Jacob was wroth, and chode with Laban: and Jacob answered and said to Laban, What is my trespass? what is my sin, that thou hast hotly pursued after me? And jacob being angry, said in a chiding manner: For what fault of mine, and for what offense on my part hast thou so hotly pursued me,  And Jacob was angry, and he disputed with Laban. And Jacob answered and said to Laban, What is my fault, what my sin, that thou hast so hotly pursued after me? And Jacob was wroth, and chode with Laban: and Jacob answered and said to Laban, What is my trespass? what is my sin, that thou hast hotly pursued after me? And Jacob was wroth, and chid with Laban: and Jacob answered, and said to Laban, What is my trespass? what is my sin, that thou hast so eagerly pursued after me? Jacob was angry, and argued with Laban. Jacob answered Laban, "What is my trespass? What is my sin, that you have hotly pursued after me? And it is displeasing to Jacob, and he striveth with Laban; and Jacob answereth and saith to Laban, 'What is my transgression? what my sin, that thou hast burned after me? And Jacob was wroth, and strived with Laban: and Jacob answered and said to Laban, What is my trespass? what is my sin, that you have so hotly pursued after me? 
Genesis 31:37 Whereas thou hast searched all my stuff, what hast thou found of all thy household stuff? set it here before my brethren and thy brethren, that they may judge betwixt us both.Whereas thou hast felt about all my stuff, what hast thou found of all thy household stuff? Set it here before my brethren and thy brethren, that they may judge betwixt us two. And searched all my household stuff? What hast thou found of all the substance of thy house? lay it here before my brethren, and thy brethren, and let them judge between me and thee. Whereas thou hast explored all my baggage, what hast thou found of all thy household stuff? Set it here before my brethren and thy brethren, and let them decide between us both.Whereas thou hast felt about all my stuff, what hast thou found of all thy household stuff? Set it here before my brethren and thy brethren, that they may judge betwixt us two.Whereas thou hast searched all my stuff, what hast thou found of all thy household-stuff? set it here before my brethren, and thy brethren, that they may judge betwixt us both.Now that you have felt around in all my stuff, what have you found of all your household stuff? Set it here before my relatives and your relatives, that they may judge between us two.for thou hast felt all my vessels: what hast thou found of all the vessels of thy house? set here before my brethren, and thy brethren, and they decide between us both.Whereas you have searched all my stuff, what have you found of all your household stuff? set it here before my brothers and your brothers, that they may judge between us both.
Genesis 31:38 This twenty years have I been with thee; thy ewes and thy she goats have not cast their young, and the rams of thy flock have I not eaten. These twenty years have I been with thee; thy ewes and thy she-goats have not cast their young, and the rams of thy flocks have I not eaten.Have I therefore been with thee twenty years? thy ewes and goats were not barren, the rams of thy flocks I did not eat:  These twenty years have I been with thee: thy ewes and thy she-goats have not cast their young, and the rams of thy flock I have not eaten. This twenty years have I been with thee; thy ewes and thy she-goats have not cast their young, and the rams of thy flocks have I not eaten. These twenty years have I been with thee: thy ewes and thy she-goats have not cast their young, and the rams of thy flock have I not eaten."These twenty years I have been with you. Your ewes and your female goats have not cast their young, and I haven't eaten the rams of your flocks. These twenty years I am with thee: thy ewes and thy she-goats have not miscarried, and the rams of thy flock I have not eaten; This twenty years have I been with you; your ewes and your she goats have not cast their young, and the rams of your flock have I not eaten.
Genesis 31:39 That which was torn of beasts I brought not unto thee; I bare the loss of it; of my hand didst thou require it, whether stolen by day, or stolen by night. That which was torn of beasts I brought not unto thee; I bare the loss of it; of my hand didst thou require it, whether stolen by day or stolen by night.Neither did I show thee that which the beast had torn, I made good all the damage: whatsoever was lost by theft, thou didst exact it of me:  What was torn I have not brought to thee; I had to bear the loss of it: of my hand hast thou required it, whether stolen by day or stolen by night. That which was torn of beasts I brought not unto thee; I bare the loss of it; of my hand didst thou require it, whether stolen by day or stolen by night. That which was torn by beasts, I brought not to thee; I bore the loss of it; of my hand didst thou require it, whether stolen by day, or stolen by night. That which was torn of animals, I didn't bring to you. I bore its loss. Of my hand you required it, whether stolen by day or stolen by night. The torn I have not brought in unto thee &#8212; I, I repay it &#8212; from my hand thou dost seek it; I have been deceived by day, and I have been deceived by night; That which was torn of beasts I brought not to you; I bore the loss of it; of my hand did you require it, whether stolen by day, or stolen by night.
Genesis 31:40 Thus I was; in the day the drought consumed me, and the frost by night; and my sleep departed from mine eyes. Thus I was; in the day the drought consumed me, and the frost by night; and my sleep fled from mine eyes.Day and night was I parched with heat, and with frost, and sleep departed from my eyes. Thus it was with me: in the day the heat consumed me, and the frost by night; and my sleep fled from mine eyes. Thus I was; in the day the drought consumed me, and the frost by night; and my sleep fled from mine eyes. Thus I was; in the day the drouth consumed me, and the frost by night; and my sleep departed from my eyes. This was my situation: in the day the drought consumed me, and the frost by night; and my sleep fled from my eyes.I have been thus: in the day consumed me hath drought, and frost by night, and wander doth my sleep from mine eyes. Thus I was; in the day the drought consumed me, and the frost by night; and my sleep departed from my eyes.
Genesis 31:41 Thus have I been twenty years in thy house; I served thee fourteen years for thy two daughters, and six years for thy cattle: and thou hast changed my wages ten times. These twenty years have I been in thy house; I served thee fourteen years for thy two daughters, and six years for thy flock: and thou hast changed my wages ten times. And in this manner have I served thee in thy house twenty years, fourteen for thy daughters, and six for thy flocks: thou hast changed also my wages ten times. I have been these twenty years in thy house: I have served thee fourteen years for thy two daughters, and six years for thy flock; and thou hast changed my wages ten times. These twenty years have I been in thy house; I served thee fourteen years for thy two daughters, and six years for thy flock: and thou hast changed my wages ten times. Thus have I been twenty years in thy house: I served thee fourteen years for thy two daughters, and six years for thy cattle: and thou hast changed my wages ten times. These twenty years I have been in your house. I served you fourteen years for your two daughters, and six years for your flock, and you have changed my wages ten times. This is to me twenty years in thy house: I have served thee fourteen years for thy two daughters, and six years for thy flock; and thou changest my hire ten times; Thus have I been twenty years in your house; I served you fourteen years for your two daughters, and six years for your cattle: and you have changed my wages ten times.
Genesis 31:42 Except the God of my father, the God of Abraham, and the fear of Isaac, had been with me, surely thou hadst sent me away now empty. God hath seen mine affliction and the labour of my hands, and rebuked thee yesternight.Except the God of my father, the God of Abraham, and the Fear of Isaac, had been with me, surely now hadst thou sent me away empty. God hath seen mine affliction and the labor of my hands, and rebuked thee yesternight.Unless the God of my father Abraham, and the fear of Isaac had stood by me, peradventure now thou hadst sent me away naked: God beheld my affliction and the labour of my hands, and rebuked thee yesterday. Had not the God of my father, the God of Abraham, and the fear of Isaac, been with me, it is certain thou wouldest have sent me away now empty. God has looked upon my affliction and the labour of my hands, and has judged last night.Except the God of my father, the God of Abraham, and the Fear of Isaac, had been with me, surely now hadst thou sent me away empty. God hath seen mine affliction and the labour of my hands, and rebuked thee yesternight.Except the God of my father, the God of Abraham, and the fear of Isaac had been with me, surely thou hadst now sent me away empty. God hath seen my affliction, and the labor of my hands, and rebuked thee yesternight.Unless the God of my father, the God of Abraham, and the fear of Isaac, had been with me, surely now you would have sent me away empty. God has seen my affliction and the labor of my hands, and rebuked you last night." unless the God of my father, the God of Abraham, and the Fear of Isaac, had been for me, surely now empty thou hadst sent me away; mine affliction and the labour of my hands hath God seen, and reproveth yesternight.' Except the God of my father, the God of Abraham, and the fear of Isaac, had been with me, surely you had sent me away now empty. God has seen my affliction and the labor of my hands, and rebuked you last night.
Genesis 31:43 And Laban answered and said unto Jacob, These daughters are my daughters, and these children are my children, and these cattle are my cattle, and all that thou seest is mine: and what can I do this day unto these my daughters, or unto their children which they have born? And Laban answered and said unto Jacob, The daughters are my daughters, and the children are my children, and the flocks are my flocks, and all that thou seest is mine: and what can I do this day unto these my daughters, or unto their children whom they have borne? Laban answered him: The daughters are mine and the children, and thy flocks, and all things that thou seest are mine: what can I do to my children, and grandchildren?  And Laban answered and said to Jacob, The daughters are my daughters, and the sons are my sons, and the flock is my flock, and all that thou seest is mine; but as for my daughters, what can I do this day to them, or to their sons whom they have brought forth? And Laban answered and said unto Jacob, The daughters are my daughters, and the children are my children, and the flocks are my flocks, and all that thou seest is mine: and what can I do this day unto these my daughters, or unto their children which they have borne? And Laban answered, and said to Jacob, These daughters are my daughters, and these children are my children, and these cattle are my cattle, and all that thou seest is mine; and what can I do this day to these my daughters, or to their children which they have borne? Laban answered Jacob, "The daughters are my daughters, the children are my children, the flocks are my flocks, and all that you see is mine: and what can I do this day to these my daughters, or to their children whom they have borne? And Laban answereth and saith unto Jacob, 'The daughters are my daughters, and the sons my sons, and the flock my flock, and all that thou art seeing is mine; and to my daughters &#8212; what do I to these to-day, or to their sons whom they have born? And Laban answered and said to Jacob, These daughters are my daughters, and these children are my children, and these cattle are my cattle, and all that you see is mine: and what can I do this day to these my daughters, or to their children which they have born? 
Genesis 31:44 Now therefore come thou, let us make a covenant, I and thou; and let it be for a witness between me and thee. And now come, let us make a covenant, I and thou; and let it be for a witness between me and thee.Come therefore, let us enter into a league: that it may be for a testimony between me and thee. And now, come, let us make a covenant, I and thou; and let it be a witness between me and thee. And now come, let us make a covenant, I and thou; and let it be for a witness between me and thee.Now therefore come thou, let us make a covenant, I and thou; and let it be for a witness between me and thee.Now come, let us make a covenant, you and I; and let it be for a witness between me and you." and now, come, let us make a covenant, I and thou, and it hath been for a witness between me and thee.' Now therefore come you, let us make a covenant, I and you; and let it be for a witness between me and you.
Genesis 31:45 And Jacob took a stone, and set it up for a pillar. And Jacob took a stone, and set it up for a pillar. And Jacob took a stone, and set it up for a title:  And Jacob took a stone, and set it up for a pillar. And Jacob took a stone, and set it up for a pillar. And Jacob took a stone, and set it up for a pillar.Jacob took a stone, and set it up for a pillar. And Jacob taketh a stone, and lifteth it up for a standing pillar; And Jacob took a stone, and set it up for a pillar.
Genesis 31:46 And Jacob said unto his brethren, Gather stones; and they took stones, and made an heap: and they did eat there upon the heap. And Jacob said unto his brethren, Gather stones; and they took stones, and made a heap: and they did eat there by the heap. And he said to his brethren: Bring hither stones. And they gathering stones together, made a heap, and they ate upon it. And Jacob said to his brethren, Gather stones. And they took stones, and made a heap, and ate there upon the heap. And Jacob said unto his brethren, Gather stones; and they took stones, and made an heap: and they did eat there by the heap. And Jacob said to his brethren, Gather stones; and they took stones, and made a heap: and they ate there upon the heap.Jacob said to his relatives, "Gather stones." They took stones, and made a heap. They ate there by the heap. And Jacob saith to his brethren, 'Gather stones,' and they take stones, and make a heap; and they eat there on the heap; And Jacob said to his brothers, Gather stones; and they took stones, and made an heap: and they did eat there on the heap.
Genesis 31:47 And Laban called it Jegarsahadutha: but Jacob called it Galeed. And Laban called it Jegar-saha-dutha: but Jacob called it Galeed. And Laban called it The witness heap: and Jacob, The hillock of testimony: each of them according to the propriety of his language. And Laban called it Jegar-sahadutha, and Jacob called it Galeed. And Laban called it Jegar-sahadutha: but Jacob called it Galeed. And Laban called it Jegar-sahadutha: but Jacob called it Galeed: Laban called it Jegar Sahadutha, but Jacob called it Galeed. And Laban calleth it Jegar-Sahadutha; and Jacob hath called it Galeed. And Laban called it Jegarsahadutha: but Jacob called it Galeed.
Genesis 31:48 And Laban said, This heap is a witness between me and thee this day. Therefore was the name of it called Galeed; And Laban said, This heap is witness between me and thee this day. Therefore was the name of it called Galeed: And Laban said: This heap shall be a witness between me and thee this day, and therefore the name thereof was called Galaad, that is, The witness heap. And Laban said, This heap is a witness between me and thee this day. Therefore was the name of it called Galeed, And Laban said, This heap is witness between me and thee this day. Therefore was the name of it called Galeed: And Laban said, This heap is a witness between me and thee this day. Therefore was the name of it called Galeed: Laban said, "This heap is witness between me and you this day." Therefore it was named Galeed And Laban saith, 'This heap is witness between me and thee to-day;' therefore hath he called its name Galeed; And Laban said, This heap is a witness between me and you this day.  Therefore was the name of it called Galeed; 
Genesis 31:49 And Mizpah; for he said, The LORD watch between me and thee, when we are absent one from another. And Mizpah, for he said, Jehovah watch between me and thee, when we are absent one from another. The Lord behold and judge between us when we shall be gone one from the other. and Mizpah; for he said, Let Jehovah watch between me and thee, when we shall be hidden one from another: and Mizpah, for he said, The LORD watch between me and thee, when we are absent one from another. And Mizpah; for he said, The LORD watch between me and thee, when we are absent one from another. And Mizpah, for he said, "Yahweh watch between me and you, when we are absent one from another.Mizpah also, for he said, 'Jehovah doth watch between me and thee, for we are hidden one from another; And Mizpah; for he said, The LORD watch between me and you, when we are absent one from another.
Genesis 31:50 If thou shalt afflict my daughters, or if thou shalt take other wives beside my daughters, no man is with us; see, God is witness betwixt me and thee.If thou shalt afflict my daughters, and if thou shalt take wives besides my daughters, no man is with us; see, God is witness betwixt me and thee.If thou afflict my daughters, and if thou bring in other wives over them: none is witness of our speech but God, who is present and beholdeth. if thou shouldest afflict my daughters, or if thou shouldest take wives besides my daughters, no man is with us; see, God is witness between me and thee! If thou shalt afflict my daughters, and if thou shalt take wives beside my daughters, no man is with us; see, God is witness betwixt me and thee.If thou shalt afflict my daughters, or if thou shalt take other wives besides my daughters; no man is with us; See, God is witness betwixt me and thee.If you afflict my daughters, or if you take wives besides my daughters, no man is with us; behold, God is witness between me and you." if thou afflict my daughters, or take wives beside my daughters &#8212; there is no man with us &#8212; see, God is witness between me and thee.' If you shall afflict my daughters, or if you shall take other wives beside my daughters, no man is with us; see, God is witness between me and you.
Genesis 31:51 And Laban said to Jacob, Behold this heap, and behold this pillar, which I have cast betwixt me and thee; And Laban said to Jacob, Behold this heap, and behold the pillar, which I have set betwixt me and thee. And he said again to Jacob: Behold, this heap, and the stone which I have set up between me and thee,  And Laban said to Jacob, Behold this heap, and behold the pillar which I have set up between me and thee: And Laban said to Jacob, Behold this heap, and behold the pillar, which I have set betwixt me and thee. And Laban said to Jacob, Behold this heap, and behold this pillar, which I have cast betwixt me and thee; Laban said to Jacob, "See this heap, and see the pillar, which I have set between me and you. And Laban saith to Jacob, 'Lo, this heap, and lo, the standing pillar which I have cast between me and thee; And Laban said to Jacob, Behold this heap, and behold this pillar, which I have cast between me and you: 
Genesis 31:52 This heap be witness, and this pillar be witness, that I will not pass over this heap to thee, and that thou shalt not pass over this heap and this pillar unto me, for harm. This heap be witness, and the pillar be witness, that I will not pass over this heap to thee, and that thou shalt not pass over this heap and this pillar unto me, for harm. Shall be a witness: this heap, I say, and the stone, be they for a testimony, if either I shall pass beyond it going towards thee, or thou shalt pass beyond it, thinking harm to me. let this heap be witness, and the pillar a witness, that neither I pass this heap to go to thee, nor thou pass this heap and this pillar to come to me, for harm. This heap be witness, and the pillar be witness, that I will not pass over this heap to thee, and that thou shalt not pass over this heap and this pillar unto me, for harm. This heap be witness, and this pillar be witness, that I will not pass over this heap to thee, and that thou shalt not pass over this heap and this pillar to me, for harm.May this heap be a witness, and the pillar be a witness, that I will not pass over this heap to you, and that you will not pass over this heap and this pillar to me, for harm. This heap is witness, and the standing pillar is witness, that I do not pass over this heap unto thee, and that thou dost not pass over this heap and this standing pillar unto me &#8212; for evil; This heap be witness, and this pillar be witness, that I will not pass over this heap to you, and that you shall not pass over this heap and this pillar to me, for harm.
Genesis 31:53 The God of Abraham, and the God of Nahor, the God of their father, judge betwixt us. And Jacob sware by the fear of his father Isaac. The God of Abraham, and the God of Nahor, the God of their father, judge betwixt us. And Jacob sware by the Fear of his father Isaac. The God of Abraham, and the God of Nachor, the God of their father, judge between us. And jacob swore by the fear of his father Isaac. The God of Abraham, and the God of Nahor, the God of their father, judge between us! And Jacob swore by the fear of his father Isaac. The God of Abraham, and the God of Nahor, the God of their father, judge betwixt us. And Jacob sware by the Fear of his father Isaac. The God of Abraham, and the God of Nahor, the God of their father, judge betwixt us. And Jacob swore by the fear of his father Isaac. The God of Abraham, and the God of Nahor, the God of their father, judge between us." Then Jacob swore by the fear of his father, Isaac. The God of Abraham and the God of Nahor, doth judge between us &#8212; the God of their father,' and Jacob sweareth by the Fear of his father Isaac. The God of Abraham, and the God of Nahor, the God of their father, judge between us. And Jacob swore by the fear of his father Isaac.
Genesis 31:54 Then Jacob offered sacrifice upon the mount, and called his brethren to eat bread: and they did eat bread, and tarried all night in the mount. And Jacob offered a sacrifice in the mountain, and called his brethren to eat bread: and they did eat bread, and tarried all night in the mountain. And after he had offered sacrifices in the mountain, he called his brethren to eat bread. And when they had eaten, they lodged there:  And Jacob offered a sacrifice upon the mountain, and invited his brethren to eat bread: and they ate bread, and lodged on the mountain. And Jacob offered a sacrifice in the mountain, and called his brethren to eat bread: and they did eat bread, and tarried all night in the mountain. Then Jacob offered sacrifice upon the mount, and called his brethren to eat bread: and they ate bread, and tarried all night in the mount.Jacob offered a sacrifice in the mountain, and called his relatives to eat bread. They ate bread, and stayed all night in the mountain. And Jacob sacrificeth a sacrifice in the mount, and calleth to his brethren to eat bread, and they eat bread, and lodge in the mount; Then Jacob offered sacrifice on the mount, and called his brothers to eat bread: and they did eat bread, and tarried all night in the mount.
Genesis 31:55 And early in the morning Laban rose up, and kissed his sons and his daughters, and blessed them: and Laban departed, and returned unto his place. And early in the morning Laban rose up, and kissed his sons and his daughters, and blessed them: and Laban departed and returned unto his place.But laban arose in the night, and kissed his sons, and daughters, and blessed them: and returned to his place. And Laban rose early in the morning, and kissed his sons and his daughters, and blessed them; and Laban went and returned to his place. And early in the morning Laban rose up, and kissed his sons and his daughters, and blessed them: and Laban departed, and returned unto his place. And early in the morning Laban arose, and kissed his sons and his daughters, and blessed them: and Laban departed, and returned to his place.Early in the morning, Laban rose up, and kissed his sons and his daughters, and blessed them. Laban departed and returned to his place. And Laban riseth early in the morning, and kisseth his sons and his daughters, and blesseth them; and Laban goeth on, and turneth back to his place. And early in the morning Laban rose up, and kissed his sons and his daughters, and blessed them: and Laban departed, and returned to his place.
Genesis 32:1 And Jacob went on his way, and the angels of God met him. And Jacob went on his way, and the angels of God met him.Jacob also went on the journey he had begun: and the angels of God met him. And Jacob went on his way; and the angels of God met him. And Jacob went on his way, and the angels of God met him. And Jacob went on his way, and the angels of God met him.Jacob went on his way, and the angels of God met him. And Jacob hath gone on his way, and messengers of God come upon him; And Jacob went on his way, and the angels of God met him.
Genesis 32:2 And when Jacob saw them, he said, This is God's host: and he called the name of that place Mahanaim. And Jacob said when he saw them, This is God's host: and he called the name of that place Mahanaim. And when he saw them, he said: These are the camps of God, and he called the name of that place Mahanaim, that is, Camps. And when Jacob saw them he said, This is the camp of God. And he called the name of that place Mahanaim. And Jacob said when he saw them, This is God's host: and he called the name of that place Mahanaim. And when Jacob saw them, he said, This is God's host: and he called the name of that place Mahanaim.When he saw them, Jacob said, "This is God's army." He called the name of that place Mahanaim. And Jacob saith, when he hath seen them, 'This is the camp of God;' and he calleth the name of that place 'Two Camps.' And when Jacob saw them, he said, This is God's host: and he called the name of that place Mahanaim.
Genesis 32:3 And Jacob sent messengers before him to Esau his brother unto the land of Seir, the country of Edom. And Jacob sent messengers before him to Esau his brother unto the land of Seir, the field of Edom. And he sent messengers before him to Esau his brother to the land of Seir to the country of Edom:  And Jacob sent messengers before his face to Esau his brother, into the land of Seir, the fields of Edom. And Jacob sent messengers before him to Esau his brother unto the land of Seir, the field of Edom. And Jacob sent messengers before him to Esau his brother, to the land of Seir, the country of Edom.Jacob sent messengers in front of him to Esau, his brother, to the land of Seir, the field of Edom. And Jacob sendeth messengers before him unto Esau his brother, towards the land of Seir, the field of Edom, And Jacob sent messengers before him to Esau his brother to the land of Seir, the country of Edom.
Genesis 32:4 And he commanded them, saying, Thus shall ye speak unto my lord Esau; Thy servant Jacob saith thus, I have sojourned with Laban, and stayed there until now: And he commanded them, saying, Thus shall ye say unto my lord Esau: Thus saith thy servant Jacob, I have sojourned with Laban, and stayed until now: And he commanded them, saying: Thus shall ye speak to my lord Esau: Thus saith thy brother Jacob: I have sojourned with Laban, and have been with him until this day. And he commanded them, saying, Thus shall ye speak to my lord, to Esau: Thy servant Jacob speaks thus With Laban have I sojourned and tarried until now; And he commanded them, saying, Thus shall ye say unto my lord Esau; Thus saith thy servant Jacob, I have sojourned with Laban, and stayed until now: And he commanded them, saying, Thus shall ye speak to my lord Esau: Thy servant Jacob saith thus, I have sojourned with Laban, and stayed there till now: He commanded them, saying, "This is what you shall tell my lord, Esau: 'This is what your servant, Jacob, says. I have lived as a foreigner with Laban, and stayed until now. And commandeth them, saying, 'Thus do ye say to my lord, to Esau: Thus said thy servant Jacob, With Laban I have sojourned, and I tarry until now; And he commanded them, saying, Thus shall you speak to my lord Esau; Your servant Jacob said thus, I have sojourned with Laban, and stayed there until now: 
Genesis 32:5 And I have oxen, and asses, flocks, and menservants, and womenservants: and I have sent to tell my lord, that I may find grace in thy sight. And I have oxen, and asses, and flocks, and men-servants, and maid-servants: and I have sent to tell my lord, that I may find favor in thy sight.I have oxen, and asses, and sheep, and menservants, and womenservants: and now I send a message to my lord, that I may find favor in thy sight. and I have oxen, and asses, sheep, and bondmen, and bondwomen; and I have sent to tell my lord, that I may find favour in thine eyes. And I have oxen, and asses and flocks, and menservants ard maidservants: and I have sent to tell my lord, that I may find grace in thy sight. And I have oxen, and asses, flocks, and men-servants, and women-servants: and I have sent to tell my lord, that I may find grace in thy sight.I have cattle, donkeys, flocks, male servants, and female servants. I have sent to tell my lord, that I may find favor in your sight.'" and I have ox, and ass, flock, and man-servant, and maid-servant, and I send to declare to my lord, to find grace in his eyes.' And I have oxen, and asses, flocks, and menservants, and womenservants: and I have sent to tell my lord, that I may find grace in your sight.
Genesis 32:6 And the messengers returned to Jacob, saying, We came to thy brother Esau, and also he cometh to meet thee, and four hundred men with him. And the messengers returned to Jacob, saying, We came to thy brother Esau, and moreover he cometh to meet thee, and four hundred men with him. And the messengers returned to Jacob, saying: We came to Esau thy brother, and behold he cometh with speed to meet thee with four hundred men. And the messengers returned to Jacob, saying, We came to thy brother, to Esau; and he also is coming to meet thee, and four hundred men with him. And the messengers returned to Jacob, saying, We came to thy brother Esau, and moreover he cometh to meet thee, and four hundred men with him. And the messengers returned to Jacob, saying, We came to thy brother Esau, and also he is coming to meet thee, and four hundred men with him. The messengers returned to Jacob, saying, "We came to your brother Esau. Not only that, but he comes to meet you, and four hundred men with him." And the messengers turn back unto Jacob, saying, 'We came in unto thy brother, unto Esau, and he also is coming to meet thee, and four hundred men with him;' And the messengers returned to Jacob, saying, We came to your brother Esau, and also he comes to meet you, and four hundred men with him.
Genesis 32:7 Then Jacob was greatly afraid and distressed: and he divided the people that was with him, and the flocks, and herds, and the camels, into two bands; Then Jacob was greatly afraid and was distressed: and he divided the people that were with him, and the flocks, and the herds, and the camels, into two companies; Then Jacob was greatly afraid; and in his fear divided the people that was with him, and the flocks, and the sheep, and the oxen, and the camels, into two companies,  Then Jacob was greatly afraid, and was distressed; and he divided the people that were with him, and the sheep and the cattle and the camels, into two troops. Then Jacob was greatly afraid and was distressed: and he divided the people that was with him, and the flocks, and the herds, and the camels, into two companies; Then Jacob was greatly afraid, and distressed: and he divided the people that were with him, and the flocks, and herds, and camels, into two bands; Then Jacob was greatly afraid and was distressed. He divided the people who were with him, and the flocks, and the herds, and the camels, into two companies; and Jacob feareth exceedingly, and is distressed, and he divideth the people who are with him, and the flock, and the herd, and the camels, into two camps, Then Jacob was greatly afraid and distressed: and he divided the people that was with him, and the flocks, and herds, and the camels, into two bands; 
Genesis 32:8 And said, If Esau come to the one company, and smite it, then the other company which is left shall escape. And he said, If Esau come to the one company, and smite it, then the company which is left shall escape. Saying: If Esau come to one company and destroy it, the other company that is left shall escape. And he said, If Esau come to the one troop and smite it, then the other troop which is left shall escape. And he said, If Esau come to the one company, and smite it, then the company which is left shall escape. And said, If Esau shall come to the one company, and smite it, then the other company which is left, will escape. And he said, "If Esau comes to the one company, and strikes it, then the company which is left will escape." and saith, 'If Esau come in unto the one camp, and have smitten it &#8212; then the camp which is left hath been for an escape.' And said, If Esau come to the one company, and smite it, then the other company which is left shall escape.
Genesis 32:9 And Jacob said, O God of my father Abraham, and God of my father Isaac, the LORD which saidst unto me, Return unto thy country, and to thy kindred, and I will deal well with thee: And Jacob said, O God of my father Abraham, and God of my father Isaac, O Jehovah, who saidst unto me, Return unto thy country, and to thy kindred, and I will do thee good: And Jacob said: O God of my father Abraham, and God of my father Isaac, O Lord, who saidst to me: Return to thy land and to the place of thy birth, and I will do well for thee,  And Jacob said, God of my father Abraham, and God of my father Isaac, Jehovah, who saidst unto me: Return into thy country and to thy kindred, and I will do thee good, And Jacob said, O God of my father Abraham, and God of my father Isaac, O LORD, which saidst unto me, Return unto thy country, and to thy kindred, and I will do thee good: And Jacob said, O God of my father Abraham, and God of my father Isaac, the LORD who saidst to me, Return to thy country, and to thy kindred, and I will deal well with thee; Jacob said, "God of my father Abraham, and God of my father Isaac, Yahweh, who said to me, 'Return to your country, and to your relatives, and I will do you good,' And Jacob saith, 'God of my father Abraham, and God of my father Isaac, Jehovah who saith unto me, Turn back to thy land, and to thy kindred, and I do good with thee: And Jacob said, O God of my father Abraham, and God of my father Isaac, the LORD which said to me, Return to your country, and to your kindred, and I will deal well with you: 
Genesis 32:10 I am not worthy of the least of all the mercies, and of all the truth, which thou hast shewed unto thy servant; for with my staff I passed over this Jordan; and now I am become two bands.I am not worthy of the least of all the lovingkindnesses, and of all the truth, which thou hast showed unto thy servant; for with my staff I passed over this Jordan; and now I am become two companies.I am not worthy of the least of all thy mercies, and of thy truth which thou hast fulfilled to thy servant. With my staff I passed over this Jordan; and now I return with two companies. I am too small for all the loving-kindness and all the faithfulness that thou hast shewn unto thy servant; for with my staff I passed over this Jordan, and now I am become two troops.I am not worthy of the least of all the mercies, and of all the truth, which thou hast shewed unto thy servant; for with my staff I passed over this Jordan; and now I am become two companies.I am not worthy of the least of all the mercies, and of all the truth, which thou hast shown to thy servant: for with my staff I passed over this Jordan, and now I am become two bands.I am not worthy of the least of all the loving kindnesses, and of all the truth, which you have shown to your servant; for with just my staff I passed over this Jordan; and now I have become two companies.I have been unworthy of all the kind acts, and of all the truth which Thou hast done with thy servant &#8212; for, with my staff I passed over this Jordan, and now I have become two camps.I am not worthy of the least of all the mercies, and of all the truth, which you have showed to your servant; for with my staff I passed over this Jordan; and now I am become two bands.
Genesis 32:11 Deliver me, I pray thee, from the hand of my brother, from the hand of Esau: for I fear him, lest he will come and smite me, and the mother with the children.Deliver me, I pray thee, from the hand of my brother, from the hand of Esau: for I fear him, lest he come and smite me, the mother with the children.Deliver me from the hand of my brother Esau, for I am greatly afraid of him: lest perhaps he come, and kill the mother with the children. Deliver me, I pray thee, from the hand of my brother, from the hand of Esau; for I fear him, lest he come and smite me, and the mother with the children.Deliver me, I pray thee, from the hand of my brother, from the hand of Esau: for I fear him, lest he come and smite me, the mother with the children.Deliver me, I pray thee, from the hand of my brother, from the hand of Esau: for I fear him, lest he shall come and smite me, and the mother with the children.Please deliver me from the hand of my brother, from the hand of Esau: for I fear him, lest he come and strike me, and the mothers with the children.Deliver me, I pray Thee, from the hand of my brother, from the hand of Esau: for I am fearing him, less he come and have smitten me &#8212; mother beside sons; Deliver me, I pray you, from the hand of my brother, from the hand of Esau: for I fear him, lest he will come and smite me, and the mother with the children.
Genesis 32:12 And thou saidst, I will surely do thee good, and make thy seed as the sand of the sea, which cannot be numbered for multitude. And thou saidst, I will surely do thee good, and make thy seed as the sand of the sea, which cannot be numbered for multitude. Thou didst say that thou wouldst do well by me, and multiply my seed like the sand of the sea, which cannot be numbered for the multitude. And thou saidst, I will certainly deal well with thee, and make thy seed as the sand of the sea, which cannot be numbered for multitude. And thou saidst, I will surely do thee good, and make thy seed as the sand of the sea, which cannot be numbered for multitude. And thou saidst, I will surely do thee good, and make thy seed as the sand of the sea, which cannot be numbered for multitude.You said, 'I will surely do you good, and make your seed as the sand of the sea, which can't be numbered because there are so many.'" and Thou &#8212; Thou hast said, I certainly do good with thee, and have set thy seed as the sand of the sea, which is not numbered because of the multitude.' And you said, I will surely do you good, and make your seed as the sand of the sea, which cannot be numbered for multitude.
Genesis 32:13 And he lodged there that same night; and took of that which came to his hand a present for Esau his brother; And he lodged there that night, and took of that which he had with him a present for Esau his brother: And when he had slept there that night, he set apart, of the things which he had, presents for his brother Esau. And he lodged there that night; and took of what came to his hand a gift for Esau his brother &#8212; And he lodged there that night; and took of that which he had with him a present for Esau his brother; And he lodged there that same night; and took of that which came to his hand a present for Esau, his brother; He lodged there that night, and took from that which he had with him, a present for Esau, his brother: And he lodgeth there during that night, and taketh from that which is coming into his hand, a present for Esau his brother: And he lodged there that same night; and took of that which came to his hand a present for Esau his brother; 
Genesis 32:14 Two hundred she goats, and twenty he goats, two hundred ewes, and twenty rams, two hundred she-goats and twenty he-goats, two hundred ewes and twenty rams, Two hundred she goats, twenty he goats, two hundred ewes, and twenty rams,  two hundred she-goats, and twenty he-goats; two hundred ewes, and twenty rams; two hundred she-goats and twenty he-goats, two hundred ewes and twenty rams, Two hundred she-goats, and twenty he-goats, two hundred ewes and twenty rams, two hundred female goats and twenty male goats, two hundred ewes and twenty rams, she-goats two hundred, and he-goats twenty, ewes two hundred, and rams twenty, Two hundred she goats, and twenty he goats, two hundred ewes, and twenty rams, 
Genesis 32:15 Thirty milch camels with their colts, forty kine, and ten bulls, twenty she asses, and ten foals. Thirty milch camels and their colts, forty cows and ten bulls, twenty she-asses and ten foals. Thirty milch camels with their colts, forty kine, and twenty bulls, twenty she asses, and ten of their foals. thirty milch camels with their colts; forty kine, and ten bulls; twenty she-asses, and ten young asses. Thirty milch camels and their colts, forty kine and ten bulls, twenty she-asses and ten foals. Thirty milch camels with their colts, forty cows and ten bulls, twenty she-asses and ten foals. Thirty milk camels and their colts, forty cows, ten bulls, twenty female donkeys and ten foals. Suckling camels and their young ones thirty, cows forty, and bullocks ten, she-asses twenty, and foals ten; Thirty milk camels with their colts, forty cows, and ten bulls, twenty she asses, and ten foals.
Genesis 32:16 And he delivered them into the hand of his servants, every drove by themselves; and said unto his servants, Pass over before me, and put a space betwixt drove and drove. And he delivered them into the hand of his servants, every drove by itself, and said unto his servants, Pass over before me, and put a space betwixt drove and drove. And he sent them by the hands of his servants, every drove by itself, and he said to his servants: Go before me, and let there be a space between drove and drove. And he delivered them into the hand of his servants, every drove by itself; and he said to his servants, Go on before me, and put a space between drove and drove. And he delivered them into the hand of his servants, every drove by itself; and said unto his servants, Pass over before me, and put a space betwixt drove and drove. And he delivered them into the hand of his servants, every drove by themselves; and said to his servants, Pass over before me, and put a space betwixt drove and drove.He delivered them into the hands of his servants, every herd by itself, and said to his servants, "Pass over before me, and put a space between herd and herd." and he giveth into the hand of his servants, every drove by itself, and saith unto his servants, 'Pass over before me, and a space ye do put between drove and drove.' And he delivered them into the hand of his servants, every drove by themselves; and said to his servants, Pass over before me, and put a space between drove and drove.
Genesis 32:17 And he commanded the foremost, saying, When Esau my brother meeteth thee, and asketh thee, saying, Whose art thou? and whither goest thou? and whose are these before thee? And he commanded the foremost, saying, When Esau my brother meeteth thee, and asketh thee, saying, Whose art thou? and whither goest thou? and whose are these before thee? And he commanded the first, saying: If thou meet my brother Esau, and he ask thee: Whose art thou? or whither goest thou? or whose are these before thee?  And he commanded the foremost, saying, When Esau my brother meets thee, and asks thee, saying, Whose art thou, and where goest thou, and whose are these before thee? And he commanded the foremost, saying, When Esau my brother meeteth thee, and asketh thee, saying, Whose art thou? and whither goest thou? and whose are these before thee? And he commanded the foremost, saying, When Esau, my brother, meeteth thee, and asketh thee, saying, Whose art thou? and whither goest thou? and whose are these before thee? He commanded the foremost, saying, "When Esau, my brother, meets you, and asks you, saying, 'Whose are you? Where are you going? Whose are these before you?' And he commandeth the first, saying, 'When Esau my brother meeteth thee, and hath asked thee, saying, Whose art thou? and whither goest thou? and whose are these before thee? And he commanded the foremost, saying, When Esau my brother meets you, and asks you, saying, Whose are you? and where go you? and whose are these before you? 
Genesis 32:18 Then thou shalt say, They be thy servant Jacob's; it is a present sent unto my lord Esau: and, behold, also he is behind us. Then thou shalt say They are thy servant Jacob's; it is a present sent unto my lord Esau: and, behold, he also is behind us. Thou shalt answer: Thy servant Jacob's: he hath sent them as a present to my lord Esau: and he cometh after us. then thou shalt say, Thy servant Jacob's: it is a gift sent to my lord, to Esau. And behold, he also is behind us. Then thou shalt say, They be thy servant Jacob's; it is a present sent unto my lord Esau: and, behold, he also is behind us. Then thou shalt say, They are thy servant Jacob's: it is a present sent to my lord Esau: and behold also he is behind us. Then you shall say, 'They are your servant, Jacob's. It is a present sent to my lord, Esau. Behold, he also is behind us.'" then thou hast said, Thy servant Jacob's: it is a present sent to my lord, to Esau; and lo, he also is behind us.' Then you shall say, They be your servant Jacob's; it is a present sent to my lord Esau: and, behold, also he is behind us.
Genesis 32:19 And so commanded he the second, and the third, and all that followed the droves, saying, On this manner shall ye speak unto Esau, when ye find him. And he commanded also the second, and the third, and all that followed the droves, saying, On this manner shall ye speak unto Esau, when ye find him; In like manner he commanded the second and the third, and all that followed with the droves, saying: Speak ye the same words to Esau, when ye find him. And so commanded he the second, and the third, and all that followed the droves, saying, According to this word shall ye speak to Esau when ye find him. And he commanded also the second, and the third, and all that followed the droves, saying, On this manner shall ye speak unto Esau, when ye find him; And so he commanded the second, and the third, and all that followed the droves, saying, In this manner shall ye speak to Esau, when ye find him.He commanded also the second, and the third, and all that followed the herds, saying, "This is how you shall speak to Esau, when you find him. And he commandeth also the second, also the third, also all who are going after the droves, saying, 'According to this manner do ye speak unto Esau in your finding him, And so commanded he the second, and the third, and all that followed the droves, saying, On this manner shall you speak to Esau, when you find him.
Genesis 32:20 And say ye moreover, Behold, thy servant Jacob is behind us. For he said, I will appease him with the present that goeth before me, and afterward I will see his face; peradventure he will accept of me. And ye shall say, Moreover, behold, thy servant Jacob is behind us. For he said, I will appease him with the present that goeth before me, and afterward I will see his face; peradventure he will accept me. And ye shall add: thy servant Jacob himself also followeth after us: for he said: I will appease him with the presents that go before, and afterwards I will see him, perhaps he will be gracious to me. And, moreover, ye shall say, Behold, thy servant Jacob is behind us. For he said, I will propitiate him with the gift that goes before me, and afterwards I will see his face: perhaps he will accept me. And ye shall say, Moreover, behold, thy servant Jacob is behind us. For he said, I will appease him with the present that goeth before me, and afterward I will see his face; peradventure he will accept me. And say ye moreover, Behold, thy servant Jacob is behind us. For he said, I will appease him with the present that goeth before me, and afterward I will see his face; peradventure he will accept of me.You shall say, 'Not only that, but behold, your servant, Jacob, is behind us.'" For, he said, "I will appease him with the present that goes before me, and afterward I will see his face. Perhaps he will accept me." and ye have said also, Lo, thy servant Jacob is behind us;' for he said, 'I pacify his face with the present which is going before me, and afterwards I see his face; it may be he lifteth up my face;' And say you moreover, Behold, your servant Jacob is behind us. For he said, I will appease him with the present that goes before me, and afterward I will see his face; peradventure he will accept of me.
Genesis 32:21 So went the present over before him: and himself lodged that night in the company. So the present passed over before him: and he himself lodged that night in the company. So the presents went before him, but himself lodged that night in the camp. And the gift went over before him; and he himself lodged that night in the camp. So the present passed over before him: and he himself lodged that night in the company. So the present went over before him; and he himself lodged that night in the company. So the present passed over before him, and he himself lodged that night in the camp. And the present passeth over before his face, and he hath lodged during that night in the camp. So went the present over before him: and himself lodged that night in the company.
Genesis 32:22 And he rose up that night, and took his two wives, and his two womenservants, and his eleven sons, and passed over the ford Jabbok. And he rose up that night, and took his two wives, and his two handmaids, and his eleven children, and passed over the ford of the Jabbok. And rising early he took his two wives, and his two handmaids, with his eleven sons, and passed over the ford of Jaboc. And he rose up that night, and took his two wives, and his two maidservants, and his eleven sons, and passed over the ford of the Jabbok; And he rose up that night, and took his two wives, and his two handmaids, and his eleven children, and passed over the ford of Jabbok. And he arose that night, and took his two wives, and his two women-servants, and his eleven sons, and passed over the ford Jabbok.He rose up that night, and took his two wives, and his two handmaids, and his eleven sons, and passed over the ford of the Jabbok. And he riseth in that night, and taketh his two wives, and his two maid-servants, and his eleven children, and passeth over the passage of Jabbok; And he rose up that night, and took his two wives, and his two womenservants, and his eleven sons, and passed over the ford Jabbok.
Genesis 32:23 And he took them, and sent them over the brook, and sent over that he had. And he took them, and sent them over the stream, and sent over that which he had. And when all things were brought over that belonged to him,  and he took them and led them over the river, and led over what he had. And he took them, and sent them over the stream, and sent over that he had. And he took them, and sent them over the brook, and sent over that which he had.He took them, and sent them over the stream, and sent over that which he had. And he taketh them, and causeth them to pass over the brook, and he causeth that which he hath to pass over. And he took them, and sent them over the brook, and sent over that he had.
Genesis 32:24 And Jacob was left alone; and there wrestled a man with him until the breaking of the day. And Jacob was left alone; and there wrestled a man with him until the breaking of the day.He remained alone: and behold a man wrestled with him till morning. And Jacob remained alone; and a man wrestled with him until the rising of the dawn. And Jacob was left alone; and there wrestled a man with him until the breaking of the day. And Jacob was left alone; and there wrestled a man with him, until the breaking of the day.Jacob was left alone, and wrestled with a man there until the breaking of the day. And Jacob is left alone, and one wrestleth with him till the ascending of the dawn; And Jacob was left alone; and there wrestled a man with him until the breaking of the day.
Genesis 32:25 And when he saw that he prevailed not against him, he touched the hollow of his thigh; and the hollow of Jacob's thigh was out of joint, as he wrestled with him. And when he saw that he prevailed not against him, he touched the hollow of his thigh; and the hollow of Jacob's thigh was strained, as he wrestled with him. And when he saw that he could not overcome him, he touched the sinew of his thigh, and forthwith it shrank. And when he saw that he did not prevail against him, he touched the joint of his thigh; and the joint of Jacob's thigh was dislocated as he wrestled with him. And when he saw that he prevailed not against him, he touched the hollow of his thigh; and the hollow of Jacob's thigh was strained, as he wrestled with him. And when he saw that he prevailed not against him, he touched the hollow of his thigh: and the hollow of Jacob's thigh was out of joint, as he wrestled with him.When he saw that he didn't prevail against him, he touched the hollow of his thigh, and the hollow of Jacob's thigh was strained, as he wrestled. And he seeth that he is not able for him, and he cometh against the hollow of his thigh, and the hollow of Jacob's thigh is disjointed in his wrestling with him; And when he saw that he prevailed not against him, he touched the hollow of his thigh; and the hollow of Jacob's thigh was out of joint, as he wrestled with him.
Genesis 32:26 And he said, Let me go, for the day breaketh. And he said, I will not let thee go, except thou bless me. And he said, Let me go, for the day breaketh. And he said, I will not let thee go, except thou bless me. And he said to him: Let me go, for it is break of day. He answered: I will not let thee go except thou bless me. And he said, Let me go, for the dawn ariseth. And he said, I will not let thee go except thou bless me. And he said, Let me go, for the day breaketh. And he said, I will not let thee go, except thou bless me. And he said, Let me go, for the day breaketh; And he said, I will not let thee go, except thou bless me. The man said, "Let me go, for the day breaks." Jacob said, "I won't let you go, unless you bless me." and he saith, 'Send me away, for the dawn hath ascended:' and he saith, 'I send thee not away, except thou hast blessed me.' And he said, Let me go, for the day breaks. And he said, I will not let you go, except you bless me.
Genesis 32:27 And he said unto him, What is thy name? And he said, Jacob. And he said unto him, What is thy name? And he said, Jacob. And he said: What is thy name? He answered: Jacob. And he said to him, What is thy name? And he said, Jacob. And he said unto him, What is thy name? And he said, Jacob. And he said to him, What is thy name? And he said, Jacob.He said to him, "What is your name?" He said, "Jacob." And he saith unto him, 'What is thy name?' and he saith, 'Jacob.' And he said to him, What is your name? And he said, Jacob.
Genesis 32:28 And he said, Thy name shall be called no more Jacob, but Israel: for as a prince hast thou power with God and with men, and hast prevailed. And he said, Thy name shall be called no more Jacob, but Israel: for thou hast striven with God and with men, and hast prevailed.But he said: Thy name shall not be called Jacob, but Israel: for if thou hast been strong against God, how much more shalt thou prevail against men?  And he said, Thy name shall not henceforth be called Jacob, but Israel; for thou hast wrestled with God, and with men, and hast prevailed. And he said, Thy name shall be called no more Jacob, but Israel: for thou hast striven with God and with men, and hast prevailed. And he said, Thy name shall be called no more Jacob, but Israel: for as a prince hast thou power with God, and with men, and hast prevailed.He said, "Your name will no longer be called Jacob, but Israel; for you have fought with God and with men, and have prevailed." And he saith, 'Thy name is no more called Jacob, but Israel; for thou hast been a prince with God and with men, and dost prevail.' And he said, Your name shall be called no more Jacob, but Israel: for as a prince have you power with God and with men, and have prevailed.
Genesis 32:29 And Jacob asked him, and said, Tell me, I pray thee, thy name. And he said, Wherefore is it that thou dost ask after my name? And he blessed him there. And Jacob asked him, and said, Tell me, I pray thee, thy name. And he said, Wherefore is it that thou dost ask after my name? And he blessed him there.Jacob asked him, Tell me by what name art thou called? He answered: Why dost thou ask my name? And he blessed him in the same place. And Jacob asked and said, Tell me, I pray thee, thy name. And he said, How is it that thou askest after my name? And he blessed him there. And Jacob asked him, and said, Tell me, I pray thee, thy name. And he said, Wherefore is it that thou dost ask after my name? And he blessed him there. And Jacob asked him, and said, Tell me, I pray thee, thy name: And he said, why is it that thou dost ask after my name? and he blessed him there.Jacob asked him, "Please tell me your name." He said, "Why is it that you ask what my name is?" He blessed him there. And Jacob asketh, and saith, 'Declare, I pray thee, thy name;' and he saith, 'Why is this, thou askest for My name?' and He blesseth him there. And Jacob asked him, and said, Tell me, I pray you, your name. And he said, Why is it that you do ask after my name? And he blessed him there.
Genesis 32:30 And Jacob called the name of the place Peniel: for I have seen God face to face, and my life is preserved. And Jacob called the name of the place Peniel: for,'said he , I have seen God face to face, and my life is preserved. And Jacob called the name of the place Phanuel, saying: I have seen God face to face, and my soul has been saved. And Jacob called the name of the place Peniel For I have seen God face to face, and my life has been preserved. And Jacob called the name of the place Peniel: for, said he, I have seen God face to face, and my life is preserved. And Jacob called the name of the place Peniel: for I have seen God face to face, and my life is preserved.Jacob called the name of the place Peniel: for, he said, "I have seen God face to face, and my life is preserved." And Jacob calleth the name of the place Peniel: for 'I have seen God face unto face, and my life is delivered;' And Jacob called the name of the place Peniel: for I have seen God face to face, and my life is preserved.
Genesis 32:31 And as he passed over Penuel the sun rose upon him, and he halted upon his thigh. And the sun rose upon him as he passed over Penuel, and he limped upon his thigh. And immediately the sun rose upon him, after he was past Phanuel; but he halted on his foot. And as he passed over Peniel, the sun rose upon him; and he limped upon his hip. And the sun rose upon him as he passed over Penuel, and he halted upon his thigh. And as he passed over Penuel the sun rose upon him, and he halted upon his thigh. The sun rose on him as he passed over Peniel, and he limped because of his thigh. And the sun riseth on him when he hath passed over Penuel, and he is halting on his thigh; And as he passed over Penuel the sun rose on him, and he halted on his thigh.
Genesis 32:32 Therefore the children of Israel eat not of the sinew which shrank, which is upon the hollow of the thigh, unto this day: because he touched the hollow of Jacob's thigh in the sinew that shrank. Therefore the children of Israel eat not the sinew of the hip which is upon the hollow of the thigh, unto this day: because he touched the hollow of Jacob's thigh in the sinew of the hip. Therefore the children of Israel, unto this day, eat not the sinew, that shrank in Jacob's thigh: because he touched the sinew of his thigh and it shrank. Therefore the children of Israel do not eat of the sinew that is over the joint of the thigh, to this day; because he touched the joint of Jacob's thigh the sinew. Therefore the children of Israel eat not the sinew of the hip which is upon the hollow of the thigh, unto this day: because he touched the hollow of Jacob's thigh in the sinew of the hip. Therefore the children of Israel eat not of the sinew which shrunk, which is upon the hollow of the thigh, to this day; because he touched the hollow of Jacob's thigh in the sinew that shrunk. Therefore the children of Israel don't eat the sinew of the hip, which is on the hollow of the thigh, to this day, because he touched the hollow of Jacob's thigh in the sinew of the hip. Therefore the sons of Israel do not eat the sinew which shrank, which is on the hollow of the thigh, unto this day, because He came against the hollow of Jacob's thigh, against the sinew which shrank. Therefore the children of Israel eat not of the sinew which shrank, which is on the hollow of the thigh, to this day: because he touched the hollow of Jacob's thigh in the sinew that shrank.
Genesis 33:1 And Jacob lifted up his eyes, and looked, and, behold, Esau came, and with him four hundred men. And he divided the children unto Leah, and unto Rachel, and unto the two handmaids. And Jacob lifted up his eyes, and looked, and, behold, Esau was coming, and with him four hundred men. And he divided the children unto Leah, and unto Rachel, and unto the two handmaids. And Jacob lifting up his eyes, saw Esau coming, and with him four hundred men: and he divided the children of Lia, and of Rachel, and of the two handmaids:  And Jacob lifted up his eyes and looked, and behold, Esau was coming, and with him four hundred men. And he distributed the children to Leah, and to Rachel, and to the two maidservants: And Jacob lifted up his eyes, and looked, and, behold, Esau came, and with him four hundred men. And he divided the children unto Leah, and unto Rachel, and unto the two handmaids. And Jacob lifted up his eyes, and looked, and, behold, Esau came, and with him four hundred men. And he divided the children to Leah, and to Rachel, and to the two handmaids.Jacob lifted up his eyes, and looked, and, behold, Esau was coming, and with him four hundred men. He divided the children between Leah, Rachel, and the two handmaids. And Jacob lifteth up his eyes, and looketh, and lo, Esau is coming, and with him four hundred men; and he divideth the children unto Leah, and unto Rachel, and unto the two maid-servants; And Jacob lifted up his eyes, and looked, and, behold, Esau came, and with him four hundred men. And he divided the children to Leah, and to Rachel, and to the two handmaids.
Genesis 33:2 And he put the handmaids and their children foremost, and Leah and her children after, and Rachel and Joseph hindermost. And he put the handmaids and their children foremost, and Leah and her children after, and Rachel and Joseph hindermost. And he put both the handmaids and their children foremost: and Lia and her children in the second place: and Rachel and Joseph last. and he put the maidservants and their children foremost, and Leah and her children after, and Rachel and Joseph hindmost. And he put the handmaids and their children foremost, and Leah and her children after, and Rachel and Joseph hindermost. And he put the handmaids and their children foremost, and Leah and her children after, and Rachel and Joseph hindermost.He put the handmaids and their children in front, Leah and her children after, and Rachel and Joseph at the rear. And he setteth the maid-servants and their children first, and Leah and her children behind, and Rachel and Joseph last. And he put the handmaids and their children foremost, and Leah and her children after, and Rachel and Joseph last.
Genesis 33:3 And he passed over before them, and bowed himself to the ground seven times, until he came near to his brother. And he himself passed over before them, and bowed himself to the ground seven times, until he came near to his brother. And he went forward and bowed down with his face to the ground seven times until his brother came near. And he passed on before them, and bowed to the earth seven times, until he came near to his brother. And he himself passed over before them, and bowed himself to the ground seven times, until he came near to his brother. And he passed on before them, and bowed himself to the ground seven times, till he came near to his brother.He himself passed over in front of them, and bowed himself to the ground seven times, until he came near to his brother. And he himself passed over before them, and boweth himself to the earth seven times, until his drawing nigh unto his brother, And he passed over before them, and bowed himself to the ground seven times, until he came near to his brother.
Genesis 33:4 And Esau ran to meet him, and embraced him, and fell on his neck, and kissed him: and they wept. And Esau ran to meet him, and embraced him, and fell on his neck, and kissed him: and they wept. Then Esau ran to meet his brother, and embraced him: and clasping him fast about the neck, and kissing him, wept. And Esau ran to meet him, and embraced him, and fell on his neck, and kissed him; and they wept. And Esau ran to meet him, and embraced him, and fell on his neck, and kissed him: and they wept. And Esau ran to meet him, and embraced him, and fell on his neck, and kissed him: and they wept.Esau ran to meet him, embraced him, fell on his neck, kissed him, and they wept. And Esau runneth to meet him, and embraceth him, and falleth on his neck, and kisseth him, and they weep; And Esau ran to meet him, and embraced him, and fell on his neck, and kissed him: and they wept.
Genesis 33:5 And he lifted up his eyes, and saw the women and the children; and said, Who are those with thee? And he said, The children which God hath graciously given thy servant. And he lifted up his eyes, and saw the women and the children; and said, Who are these with thee? And he said, The children whom God hath graciously given thy servant. And lifting up his eyes, he saw the women and their children, and said: What mean these? And do they belong to thee? He answered: They are the children which God hath given to me thy servant. And he lifted up his eyes and saw the women and the children, and said, Who are these with thee? And he said, The children that God has graciously given thy servant. And he lifted up his eyes, and saw the women and the children; and said, Who are these with thee? And he said, The children which God hath graciously given thy servant. And he lifted up his eyes, and saw the women and the children, and said, Who are those with thee? And he said, The children which God hath graciously given to thy servant.He lifted up his eyes, and saw the women and the children; and said, "Who are these with you?" He said, "The children whom God has graciously given your servant." and he lifteth up his eyes, and seeth the women and the children, and saith, 'What are these to thee?' And he saith, 'The children with whom God hath favoured thy servant.' And he lifted up his eyes, and saw the women and the children; and said, Who are those with you? And he said, The children which God has graciously given your servant.
Genesis 33:6 Then the handmaidens came near, they and their children, and they bowed themselves. Then the handmaids came near, they and their children, and they bowed themselves. Then the handmaids and their children came near, and bowed themselves. And the maidservants drew near, they and their children, and they bowed. Then the handmaids came near, they and their children, and they bowed themselves. Then the handmaidens came near, they and their children, and they bowed themselves. Then the handmaids came near with their children, and they bowed themselves. And the maid-servants draw nigh, they and their children, and bow themselves; Then the handmaidens came near, they and their children, and they bowed themselves.
Genesis 33:7 And Leah also with her children came near, and bowed themselves: and after came Joseph near and Rachel, and they bowed themselves. And Leah also and her children came near, and bowed themselves: and after came Joseph near and Rachel, and they bowed themselves.Lia also with her children came near, and bowed down in like manner, and last of all Joseph and Rachel bowed down. And Leah also, with her children, drew near, and they bowed. And lastly Joseph drew near, and Rachel, and they bowed. And Leah also and her children came near, and bowed themselves: and after came Joseph near and Rachel, and they bowed themselves. And Leah also with her children came near, and bowed themselves; and after came Joseph near and Rachel, and they bowed themselves.Leah also and her children came near, and bowed themselves. After them, Joseph came near with Rachel, and they bowed themselves. And Leah also draweth nigh, and her children, and they bow themselves; and afterwards Joseph hath drawn nigh with Rachel, and they bow themselves. And Leah also with her children came near, and bowed themselves: and after came Joseph near and Rachel, and they bowed themselves.
Genesis 33:8 And he said, What meanest thou by all this drove which I met? And he said, These are to find grace in the sight of my lord. And he said, What meanest thou by all this company which I met? And he said, To find favor in the sight of my lord. And Esau said: What are the droves that I met? He answered: That I might find favor before my lord. And he said, What meanest thou by all the drove which I met? And he said, To find favour in the eyes of my lord. And he said, What meanest thou by all this company which I met? And he said, To find grace in the sight of my lord. And he said, What meanest thou by all this drove which I met? And he said, these are to find grace in the sight of my lord.Esau said, "What do you mean by all this company which I met?" Jacob said, "To find favor in the sight of my lord." And he saith, 'What to thee is all this camp which I have met?' and he saith, 'To find grace in the eyes of my lord.' And he said, What mean you by all this drove which I met? And he said, These are to find grace in the sight of my lord.
Genesis 33:9 And Esau said, I have enough, my brother; keep that thou hast unto thyself. And Esau said, I have enough, my brother; let that which thou hast be thine.But he said: I have plenty, my brother, keep what is thine for thyself. And Esau said, I have enough, my brother; let what thou hast be thine. And Esau said, I have enough; my brother, let that thou hast be thine. And Esau said, I have enough, my brother; keep what thou hast to thyself.Esau said, "I have enough, my brother; let that which you have be yours." And Esau saith, 'I have abundance, my brother, let it be to thyself that which thou hast.' And Esau said, I have enough, my brother; keep that you have to yourself.
Genesis 33:10 And Jacob said, Nay, I pray thee, if now I have found grace in thy sight, then receive my present at my hand: for therefore I have seen thy face, as though I had seen the face of God, and thou wast pleased with me. And Jacob said, Nay, I pray thee, if now I have found favor in thy sight, then receive my present at my hand; forasmuch as I have seen thy face, as one seeth the face of God, and thou wast pleased with me. And Jacob said: Do not so I beseech thee, but if I have found favor in thy eyes, receive a little present at my hands: for I have seen thy face, as if I should have seen the countenance of God: be gracious to me,  And Jacob said, No, I pray thee; if now I have found favour in thine eyes, then receive my gift from my hand; for therefore have I seen thy face, as though I had seen the face of God, and thou hast received me with pleasure. And Jacob said, Nay, I pray thee, if now I have found grace in thy sight, then receive my present at my hand: forasmuch as I have seen thy face, as one seeth the face of God, and thou wast pleased with me. And Jacob said, Nay, I pray thee, if now I have found grace in thy sight, then receive my present at my hand: for therefore I have seen thy face, as though I had seen the face of God, and thou hast been pleased with me.Jacob said, "Please, no, if I have now found favor in your sight, then receive my present at my hand, because I have seen your face, as one sees the face of God, and you were pleased with me. And Jacob saith, 'Nay, I pray thee, if, I pray thee, I have found grace in thine eyes, then thou hast received my present from my hand, because that I have seen thy face, as the seeing of the face of God, and thou art pleased with me; And Jacob said, No, I pray you, if now I have found grace in your sight, then receive my present at my hand: for therefore I have seen your face, as though I had seen the face of God, and you were pleased with me.
Genesis 33:11 Take, I pray thee, my blessing that is brought to thee; because God hath dealt graciously with me, and because I have enough. And he urged him, and he took it. Take, I pray thee, my gift that is brought to thee; because God hath dealt graciously with me, and because I have enough. And he urged him, and he took it. And take the blessing, which I have brought thee, and which God hath given me, who giveth all things. He took it with much ado at his brother's earnest pressing him,  Take, I pray thee, my blessing which has been brought to thee; because God has been gracious to me, and because I have everything. And he urged him, and he took it. Take, I pray thee, my gift that is brought to thee; because God hath dealt graciously with me, and because I have enough. And he urged him, and he took it. Take, I pray thee, my blessing that is brought to thee; because God hath dealt graciously with me, and because I have enough: and he urged him, and he took it.Please take the gift that I brought to you, because God has dealt graciously with me, and because I have enough." He urged him, and he took it.receive, I pray thee, my blessing, which is brought to thee, because God hath favoured me, and because I have all things;' and he presseth on him, and he receiveth, Take, I pray you, my blessing that is brought to you; because God has dealt graciously with me, and because I have enough. And he urged him, and he took it.
Genesis 33:12 And he said, Let us take our journey, and let us go, and I will go before thee. And he said, Let us take our journey, and let us go, and I will go before thee. And said: Let us go on together, and I will accompany thee in thy journey. And he said, Let us take our journey, and go on, and I will go before thee. And he said, Let us take our journey, and let us go, and I will go before thee. And he said, Let us take our journey, and let us go, and I will go before thee.Esau said, "Let us take our journey, and let us go, and I will go before you." and saith, 'Let us journey and go on, and I go on before thee.' And he said, Let us take our journey, and let us go, and I will go before you.
Genesis 33:13 And he said unto him, My lord knoweth that the children are tender, and the flocks and herds with young are with me: and if men should overdrive them one day, all the flock will die. And he said unto him, My lord knoweth that the children are tender, and that the flocks and herds with me have their young: and if they overdrive them one day, all the flocks will die. And Jacob said: My lord, thou knowest that I have with me tender children, and sheep, and kine with young: which if I should cause to be overdriven, in one day all the flocks will die. And he said to him, My lord knows that the children are tender, and the suckling sheep and kine are with me; and if they should overdrive them only one day, all the flock would die. And he said unto him, My lord knoweth that the children are tender, and that the flocks and herds with me give suck: and if they overdrive them one day, all the flocks will die. And he said to him, My lord knoweth that the children are tender, and the flocks and herds with young are with me, and if men should over-drive them one day, all the flock will die.Jacob said to him, "My lord knows that the children are tender, and that the flocks and herds with me have their young, and if they overdrive them one day, all the flocks will die. And he saith unto him, 'My lord knoweth that the children are tender, and the suckling flock and the herd are with me; when they have beaten them one day, then hath all the flock died. And he said to him, My lord knows that the children are tender, and the flocks and herds with young are with me: and if men should overdrive them one day, all the flock will die.
Genesis 33:14 Let my lord, I pray thee, pass over before his servant: and I will lead on softly, according as the cattle that goeth before me and the children be able to endure, until I come unto my lord unto Seir.Let my lord, I pray thee, pass over before his servant: and I will lead on gently, according to the pace of the cattle that are before me and according to the pace of the children, until I come unto my lord unto Seir.May it please my lord to go before his servant: and I will follow softly after him, as I shall see my children to be able, until I come to my lord in Seir. Let my lord, I pray thee, pass on before his servant, and I will drive on at my ease according to the pace of the cattle that is before me, and according to the pace of the children, until I come to my lord, to Seir.Let my lord, I pray thee, pass over before his servant: and I will lead on softly, according to the pace of the cattle that is before me and according to the pace of the children, until I come unto my lord unto Seir.Let my lord, I pray thee, pass over before his servant: and I will lead on slowly, according as the cattle that go before me, and the children are able to endure; until I come to my lord to Seir.Please let my lord pass over before his servant, and I will lead on gently, according to the pace of the livestock that are before me and according to the pace of the children, until I come to my lord to Seir." Let my lord, I pray thee, pass over before his servant, and I &#8212; I lead on gently, according to the foot of the work which is before me, and to the foot of the children, until that I come unto my lord, to Seir.' Let my lord, I pray you, pass over before his servant: and I will lead on softly, according as the cattle that goes before me and the children be able to endure, until I come to my lord to Seir.
Genesis 33:15 And Esau said, Let me now leave with thee some of the folk that are with me. And he said, What needeth it? let me find grace in the sight of my lord. And Esau said, Let me now leave with thee some of the folk that are with me. And he said, What needeth it? let me find favor in the sight of my lord.Esau answered: I beseech thee, that some of the people at least, who are with me, may stay to accompany thee in the way. And he said: There is no necessity: I want nothing else but only to find favor, my lord, in thy sight. And Esau said, Let me now leave with thee some of the people that are with me. And he said, What need? Let me find favour in the eyes of my lord. And Esau said, Let me now leave with thee some of the folk that are with me. And he said, What needeth it? let me find grace in the sight of my lord. And Esau said, Let me now leave with thee some of the people that are with me: And he said, What needeth it? Let me find grace in the sight of my lord.Esau said, "Let me now leave with you some of the folk who are with me." He said, "Why? Let me find favor in the sight of my lord." And Esau saith, 'Let me, I pray thee, place with thee some of the people who are with me;' and he said, 'Why is this? I find grace in the eyes of my lord.' And Esau said, Let me now leave with you some of the folk that are with me. And he said, What needs it? let me find grace in the sight of my lord.
Genesis 33:16 So Esau returned that day on his way unto Seir. So Esau returned that day on his way unto Seir. So Esau returned, that day, the way that he came, to Seir. And Esau returned that day on his way to Seir. So Esau returned that day on his way unto Seir. So Esau returned that day on his way to Seir. So Esau returned that day on his way to Seir. And turn back on that day doth Esau on his way to Seir; So Esau returned that day on his way to Seir.
Genesis 33:17 And Jacob journeyed to Succoth, and built him an house, and made booths for his cattle: therefore the name of the place is called Succoth. And Jacob journeyed to Succoth, and built him a house, and made booths for his cattle: therefore the name of the place is called Succoth. And Jacob came to Socoth: where having built a house, and pitched tents, he called the name of the place Socoth, that is, Tents. And Jacob journeyed to Succoth, and built himself a house, and for his cattle he made booths. Therefore the name of the place was called Succoth. And Jacob journeyed to Succoth, and built him an house, and made booths for his cattle: therefore the name of the place is called Succoth. And Jacob journeyed to Succoth, and built him a house, and made booths for his cattle: therefore the name of the place is called Succoth.Jacob traveled to Succoth, built himself a house, and made shelters for his livestock. Therefore the name of the place is called Succoth. And Jacob hath journeyed to Succoth, and buildeth to himself a house, and for his cattle hath made booths, therefore hath he called the name of the place Succoth. And Jacob journeyed to Succoth, and built him an house, and made booths for his cattle: therefore the name of the place is called Succoth.
Genesis 33:18 And Jacob came to Shalem, a city of Shechem, which is in the land of Canaan, when he came from Padanaram; and pitched his tent before the city. And Jacob came in peace to the city of Shechem, which is in the land of Canaan, when he came from Paddan-aram; and encamped before the city. And he passed over to Salem, a city of the Sichemites, which is in the land of Chanaan, after he returned from Mesopotamia of Syria: and he dwelt by the town:  And Jacob came safely to the city Shechem, which is in the land of Canaan, when he came from Padan-Aram; and he encamped before the city. And Jacob came in peace to the city of Shechem, which is in the land of Canaan, when he came from Paddan-aram; and encamped before the city. And Jacob came to Shalem, a city of Shechem, which is in the land of Canaan, when he came from Padan-aram; and pitched his tent before the city.Jacob came in peace to the city of Shechem, which is in the land of Canaan, when he came from Paddan Aram; and encamped before the city. And Jacob cometh in to Shalem, a city of Shechem, which is in the land of Canaan, in his coming from Padan-Aram, and encampeth before the city, And Jacob came to Shalem, a city of Shechem, which is in the land of Canaan, when he came from Padanaram; and pitched his tent before the city.
Genesis 33:19 And he bought a parcel of a field, where he had spread his tent, at the hand of the children of Hamor, Shechem's father, for an hundred pieces of money. And he bought the parcel of ground, where he had spread his tent, at the hand of the children of Hamor, Shechem's father, for a hundred pieces of money. And he bought that part of the field, in which he pitched his tents, of the children of Hemor, the father of Sichem for a hundred lambs. And he bought the portion of the field where he had spread his tent, of the hand of the sons of Hamor, Shechem's father, for a hundred kesitahs. And he bought the parcel of ground, where he had spread his tent, at the hand of the children of Hamor, Shechem's father, for an hundred pieces of money. And he bought a part of a field, where he had spread his tent, at the hand of the children of Hamor, Shechem's father, for a hundred pieces of money.He bought the parcel of ground where he had spread his tent, at the hand of the children of Hamor, Shechem's father, for one hundred pieces of money. And he buyeth the portion of the field where he hath stretched out his tent, from the hand of the sons of Hamor, father of Shechem, for a hundred kesitah; And he bought a parcel of a field, where he had spread his tent, at the hand of the children of Hamor, Shechem's father, for an hundred pieces of money.
Genesis 33:20 And he erected there an altar, and called it EleloheIsrael. And he erected there an altar, and called it El-elohe-israel. And raising an altar there, he invoked upon it the most mighty God of Israel. And there he set up an altar, and called it El-Elohe-Israel. And he erected there an altar, and called it El-elohe-Israel. And he erected there an altar, and called it El-elohe-Israel.He erected an altar there, and called it El Elohe Israel. And he setteth up there an altar, and proclaimeth at it God &#8212; the God of Israel. And he erected there an altar, and called it EleloheIsrael.
Genesis 34:1 And Dinah the daughter of Leah, which she bare unto Jacob, went out to see the daughters of the land. And Dinah the daughter of Leah, whom she bare unto Jacob, went out to see the daughters of the land. And Dina the daughter of Lia went out to see the women of that country. And Dinah the daughter of Leah, whom she had borne to Jacob, went out to see the daughters of the land. And Dinah the daughter of Leah, which she bare unto Jacob, went out to see the daughters of the land. And Dinah the daughter of Leah, which she bore to Jacob, went out to see the daughters of the land.Dinah, the daughter of Leah, whom she bore to Jacob, went out to see the daughters of the land. And Dinah, daughter of Leah, whom she hath borne to Jacob, goeth out to look on the daughters of the land, And Dinah the daughter of Leah, which she bore to Jacob, went out to see the daughters of the land.
Genesis 34:2 And when Shechem the son of Hamor the Hivite, prince of the country, saw her, he took her, and lay with her, and defiled her. And Shechem the son of Hamor the Hivite, the prince of the land, saw her; And he took her, and lay with her, and humbled her. And when Sichem the son of Hemor the Hevite, the prince of that land, saw her, he was in love with her: and took her away, and lay with her, ravishing the virgin. And when Shechem, the son of Hamor the Hivite, the prince of the country, saw her, he took her, and lay with her, and humbled her. And Shechem the son of Hamor the Hivite, the prince of the land, saw her; and he took her, and lay with her, and humbled her. And when Shechem, the son of Hamor the Hivite, prince of the country, saw her, he took her, and lay with her, and defiled her. Shechem the son of Hamor the Hivite, the prince of the land, saw her. He took her, lay with her, and humbled her. And Shechem, son of Hamor the Hivite, a prince of the land, seeth her, and taketh her, and lieth with her, and humbleth her; And when Shechem the son of Hamor the Hivite, prince of the country, saw her, he took her, and lay with her, and defiled her.
Genesis 34:3 And his soul clave unto Dinah the daughter of Jacob, and he loved the damsel, and spake kindly unto the damsel. And his soul clave unto Dinah the daughter of Jacob, and he loved the damsel, and spake kindly unto the damsel. And his soul was fast knit unto her, and whereas she was sad, he comforted her with sweet words. And his soul fastened on Dinah the daughter of Jacob, and he loved the maiden, and spoke consolingly to the maiden. And his soul clave unto Dinah the daughter of Jacob, and he loved the damsel, and spake kindly unto the damsel. And his soul cleaved to Dinah the daughter of Jacob, and he loved the damsel, and spoke kindly to the damsel.His soul joined to Dinah, the daughter of Jacob, and he loved the young lady, and spoke kindly to the young lady. And his soul cleaveth to Dinah, daughter of Jacob, and he loveth the young person, and speaketh unto the heart of the young person. And his soul joined to Dinah the daughter of Jacob, and he loved the damsel, and spoke kindly to the damsel.
Genesis 34:4 And Shechem spake unto his father Hamor, saying, Get me this damsel to wife. And Shechem spake unto his father Hamor, saying, Get me this damsel to wife. And going to Hemor his father, he said: Get me this damsel to wife. And Shechem spoke to his father Hamor, saying, Take me this girl as wife. And Shechem spake unto his father Hamor, saying, Get me this damsel to wife. And Shechem spoke to his father Hamor, saying, Get me this damsel for a wife. Shechem spoke to his father, Hamor, saying, "Get me this young lady as a wife." And Shechem speaketh unto Hamor his father, saying, 'Take for me this damsel for a wife.' And Shechem spoke to his father Hamor, saying, Get me this damsel to wife.
Genesis 34:5 And Jacob heard that he had defiled Dinah his daughter: now his sons were with his cattle in the field: and Jacob held his peace until they were come.Now Jacob heard that he had defiled Dinah his daughter; and his sons were with his cattle in the field: and Jacob held his peace until they came.But when Jacob had heard this, his sons being absent, and employed in feeding the cattle, he held his peace till they came back. And Jacob heard that he had defiled Dinah his daughter; but his sons were with his cattle in the fields, and Jacob said nothing until they came.Now Jacob heard that he had defiled Dinah his daughter; and his sons were with his cattle in the field: and Jacob held his peace until they came. And Jacob heard that he had defiled Dinah his daughter (now his sons were with his cattle in the field:) and Jacob held his peace till they had come.Now Jacob heard that he had defiled Dinah, his daughter; and his sons were with his livestock in the field. Jacob held his peace until they came. And Jacob hath heard that he hath defiled Dinah his daughter, and his sons were with his cattle in the field, and Jacob kept silent till their coming. And Jacob heard that he had defiled Dinah his daughter: now his sons were with his cattle in the field: and Jacob held his peace until they were come.
Genesis 34:6 And Hamor the father of Shechem went out unto Jacob to commune with him. And Hamor the father of Shechem went out unto Jacob to commune with him. And when Hemor the father of Sichem was come out to speak to Jacob,  And Hamor the father of Shechem came out to Jacob, to speak to him. And Hamor the father of Shechem went out unto Jacob to commune with him. And Hamor the father of Shechem went out to Jacob to commune with him.Hamor the father of Shechem went out to Jacob to talk with him. And Hamor, father of Shechem, goeth out unto Jacob to speak with him; And Hamor the father of Shechem went out to Jacob to commune with him.
Genesis 34:7 And the sons of Jacob came out of the field when they heard it: and the men were grieved, and they were very wroth, because he had wrought folly in Israel in lying with Jacob's daughter; which thing ought not to be done. And the sons of Jacob came in from the field when they heard it: and the men were grieved, and they were very wroth, because he had wrought folly in Israel in lying with Jacob's daughter; which thing ought not to be done.Behold his sons came from the field: and hearing what had passed, they were exceeding angry, because he had done a foul thing in Israel, and committed an unlawful act, in ravishing Jacob's daughter,  And the sons of Jacob came from the fields when they heard it; and the men were grieved, and they were very angry, because he had wrought what was disgraceful in Israel, in lying with Jacob's daughter, which thing ought not to be done. And the sons of Jacob came in from the field when they heard it: and the men were grieved, and they were very wroth, because he had wrought folly in Israel in lying with Jacob's daughter; which thing ought not to be done. And the sons of Jacob came from the field when they heard it: and the men were grieved, and they were very wroth, because he had wrought folly in Israel, in lying with Jacob's daughter; which thing ought not to be done. The sons of Jacob came in from the field when they heard it. The men were grieved, and they were very angry, because he had done folly in Israel in lying with Jacob's daughter; a which thing ought not to be done. And the sons of Jacob came in from the field when they heard, and the men grieve themselves, and it is very displeasing to them, for folly he hath done against Israel, to lie with the daughter of Jacob &#8212; and so it is not done. And the sons of Jacob came out of the field when they heard it: and the men were grieved, and they were very wroth, because he had worked folly in Israel in lying with Jacob's daughter: which thing ought not to be done.
Genesis 34:8 And Hamor communed with them, saying, The soul of my son Shechem longeth for your daughter: I pray you give her him to wife. And Hamor communed with them, saying, The soul of my son Shechem longeth for your daughter: I pray you, give her unto him to wife. And Hemor spoke to them: The soul of my son Sichem has a longing for your daughter: give her him to wife:  And Hamor spoke to them, saying, My son Shechem's soul cleaves to your daughter: I pray you, give her to him as wife. And Hamor communed with them, saying, The soul of my son Shechem longeth for your daughter: I pray you give her unto him to wife. And Hamor communed with them, saying, The soul of my son Shechem longeth for your daughter: I pray you give her to him for a wife.Hamor talked with them, saying, "The soul of my son, Shechem, longs for your daughter. Please give her to him as a wife. And Hamor speaketh with them, saying, 'Shechem, my son, his soul hath cleaved to your daughter; give her, I pray you, to him for a wife, And Hamor communed with them, saying, The soul of my son Shechem longs for your daughter: I pray you give her him to wife.
Genesis 34:9 And make ye marriages with us, and give your daughters unto us, and take our daughters unto you. And make ye marriages with us; give your daughters unto us, and take our daughters unto you. And let us contract marriages one with another: give us your daughters and take you our daughters,  And make marriages with us: give your daughters to us, and take our daughters to you. And make ye marriages with us; give your daughters unto us, and take our daughters unto you. And make ye marriages with us: give your daughters to us, and take our daughters to you.Make marriages with us. Give your daughters to us, and take our daughters for yourselves. And join ye in marriage with us; your daughters ye give to us, and our daughters ye take to yourselves, And make you marriages with us, and give your daughters to us, and take our daughters to you.
Genesis 34:10 And ye shall dwell with us: and the land shall be before you; dwell and trade ye therein, and get you possessions therein. And ye shall dwell with us: and the land shall be before you; dwell and trade ye therein, and get you possessions therein. And dwell with us: the land is at your command, till, trade,and possess it. And dwell with us, and the land shall be before you: dwell and trade in it, and get yourselves possessions in it. And ye shall dwell with us: and the land shall be before you; dwell and trade ye therein, and get you possessions therein. And ye shall dwell with us: and the land shall be before you; dwell and trade ye therein, and get you possessions therein.You shall dwell with us, and the land will be before you. Live and trade in it, and get possessions in it." and with us ye dwell, and the land is before you; dwell ye and trade in it, and have possessions in it.' And you shall dwell with us: and the land shall be before you; dwell and trade you therein, and get you possessions therein.
Genesis 34:11 And Shechem said unto her father and unto her brethren, Let me find grace in your eyes, and what ye shall say unto me I will give. And Shechem said unto her father and unto her brethren, Let me find favor in your eyes, and what ye shall say unto me I will give. Sichem also said to her father and to her brethren: Let me find favor in your sight: and whatsoever you shall appoint I will give. And Shechem said to her father and to her brethren, Let me find favour in your eyes; and what ye shall say to me I will give. And Shechem said unto her father and unto her brethren, Let me find grace in your eyes, and what ye shall say unto me I will give. And Shechem said to her father, and to her brethren, Let me find favor in your eyes, and what ye shall say to me, I will give. Shechem said to her father and to her brothers, "Let me find favor in your eyes, and whatever you will tell me I will give. And Shechem saith unto her father, and unto her brethren, 'Let me find grace in your eyes, and that which ye say unto me, I give; And Shechem said to her father and to her brothers, Let me find grace in your eyes, and what you shall say to me I will give.
Genesis 34:12 Ask me never so much dowry and gift, and I will give according as ye shall say unto me: but give me the damsel to wife. Ask me never so much dowry and gift, and I will give according as ye shall say unto me: but give me the damsel to wife.Raise the dowery,, and ask gifts, and I will gladly give what you shall demand: only give me this damsel to wife. Impose on me very much as dowry and gift, and I will give according as ye shall say to me; but give me the maiden as wife. Ask me never so much dowry and gift, and I will give according as ye shall say unto me: but give me the damsel to wife. Ask me never so much dower and gift, and I will give according as ye shall say to me: but give me the damsel for a wife. Ask me a great amount for a dowry, and I will give whatever you ask of me, but give me the young lady as a wife." multiply on me exceedingly dowry and gift, and I give as ye say unto me, and give to me the young person for a wife.' Ask me never so much dowry and gift, and I will give according as you shall say to me: but give me the damsel to wife.
Genesis 34:13 And the sons of Jacob answered Shechem and Hamor his father deceitfully, and said, because he had defiled Dinah their sister: And the sons of Jacob answered Shechem and Hamor his father with guile, and spake, because he had defiled Dinah their sister, The sons of Jacob answered Sichem and his father deceitfully, being enraged at the deflowering of their sister:  And the sons of Jacob answered Shechem and Hamor his father deceitfully, and spoke because he had defiled Dinah their sister &#8212; And the sons of Jacob answered Shechem and Hamor his father with guile, and spake, because he had defiled Dinah their sister, And the sons of Jacob answered Shechem and Hamor his father deceitfully, and said, (because he had defiled Dinah their sister,) The sons of Jacob answered Shechem and Hamor his father with deceit, and spoke, because he had defiled Dinah their sister, And the sons of Jacob answer Shechem and Hamor his father deceitfully, and they speak (because he defiled Dinah their sister), And the sons of Jacob answered Shechem and Hamor his father deceitfully, and said, because he had defiled Dinah their sister: 
Genesis 34:14 And they said unto them, We cannot do this thing, to give our sister to one that is uncircumcised; for that were a reproach unto us: and said unto them, We cannot do this thing, to give our sister to one that is uncircumcised; for that were a reproach unto us.We cannot do what you demand, nor give our sister to one that is uncircumcised, which with us is unlawful and abominable. and said to them, We cannot do this, to give our sister to one that is uncircumcised; for that were a reproach to us. And said unto them, We cannot do this thing, to give our sister to one that is uncircumcised; for that were a reproach unto us: And they said to them, We cannot do this thing, to give our sister to one that is uncircumcised: for that would be a reproach to us: and said to them, "We can't do this thing, to give our sister to one who is uncircumcised; for that is a reproach to us. And say unto them, 'We are not able to do this thing, to give our sister to one who hath a foreskin: for it is a reproach to us. And they said to them, We cannot do this thing, to give our sister to one that is uncircumcised; for that were a reproach to us: 
Genesis 34:15 But in this will we consent unto you: If ye will be as we be, that every male of you be circumcised; Only on this condition will we consent unto you: if ye will be as we are, that every male of you be circumcised; But in this way may we be allied with you, if you will be like us, and all the male sex among you be circumcised:  But only in this will we consent to you, if ye will be as we, that every male of you be circumcised; Only on this condition will we consent unto you: if ye will be as we be, that every male of you be circumcised; But in this will we consent to you: If ye will be as we are, that every male of you shall be circumcised; Only on this condition will we consent to you. If you will be as we are, that every male of you be circumcised; 'Only for this we consent to you; if ye be as we, to have every male of you circumcised, But in this will we consent to you: If you will be as we be, that every male of you be circumcised; 
Genesis 34:16 Then will we give our daughters unto you, and we will take your daughters to us, and we will dwell with you, and we will become one people. Then will we give our daughters unto you, and we will take your daughters to us, and we will dwell with you, and we will become one people. Then will we mutually give and take your daughters, and ours: and we will dwell with you, and will be one people:  then will we give our daughters to you, and take your daughters to us, and we will dwell with you, and be one people. Then will we give our daughters unto you, and we will take your daughters to us, and we will dwell with you, and we will become one people. Then will we give our daughters to you, and we will take your daughters to us, and we will dwell with you, and we will become one people. Then will we give our daughters to you, and we will take your daughters to us, and we will dwell with you, and we will become one people. Then we have given our daughters to you, and your daughters we take to ourselves, and we have dwelt with you, and have become one people; Then will we give our daughters to you, and we will take your daughters to us, and we will dwell with you, and we will become one people.
Genesis 34:17 But if ye will not hearken unto us, to be circumcised; then will we take our daughter, and we will be gone.But if ye will not hearken unto us, to be circumcised; then will we take our daughter, and we will be gone.But if you will not be circumcised, we will take our daughter and depart:  But if ye do not hearken to us, to be circumcised, then will we take our daughter and go away.But if ye will not hearken unto us, to be circumcised; then will we take our daughter, and we will be gone.But if ye will not hearken to us, to be circumcised; then will we take our daughter, and we will be gone.But if you will not listen to us, to be circumcised, then we will take our sister, and we will be gone." and if ye hearken not unto us to be circumcised, then we have taken our daughter, and have gone.' But if you will not listen to us, to be circumcised; then will we take our daughter, and we will be gone.
Genesis 34:18 And their words pleased Hamor, and Shechem Hamor's son. And their words pleased Hamor, and Shechem Hamor's son. Their offer pleased Hemor, and Sichem his son:  And their words were good in the eyes of Hamor and Shechem, Hamor's son. And their words pleased Hamor, and Shechem Hamor's son. And their words pleased Hamor, and Shechem Hamor's son. Their words pleased Hamor and Shechem, Hamor's son. And their words are good in the eyes of Hamor, and in the eyes of Shechem, Hamor's son; And their words pleased Hamor, and Shechem Hamor's son.
Genesis 34:19 And the young man deferred not to do the thing, because he had delight in Jacob's daughter: and he was more honourable than all the house of his father. And the young man deferred not to do the thing, because he had delight in Jacob's daughter: and he was honored above all the house of his father. And the young man made no delay, but forthwith fulfilled what was required, for he loved the damsel exceedingly, and he was the greatest man in all his father's house. And the youth did not delay to do this, because he had delight in Jacob's daughter. And he was honourable above all in the house of his father. And the young man deferred not to do the thing, because he had delight in Jacob's daughter: and he was honoured above all the house of his father. And the young man deferred not to do the thing, because he had delight in Jacob's daughter: and he was more honorable than all the house of his father. The young man didn't wait to do this thing, because he had delight in Jacob's daughter, and he was honored above all the house of his father. And the young man delayed not to do the thing, for he had delight in Jacob's daughter, and he is honourable above all the house of his father. And the young man deferred not to do the thing, because he had delight in Jacob's daughter: and he was more honorable than all the house of his father.
Genesis 34:20 And Hamor and Shechem his son came unto the gate of their city, and communed with the men of their city, saying, And Hamor and Shechem his son came unto the gate of their city, and communed with the men of their city, saying, And going into the gate of the city they spoke to the people:  And Hamor and Shechem his son came to the gate of their city, and spoke to the men of their city, saying, And Hamor and Shechem his son came unto the gate of their city, and communed with the men of their city, saying, And Hamor and Shechem his son came to the gate of their city, and communed with the men of their city, saying, Hamor and Shechem, his son, came to the gate of their city, and talked with the men of their city, saying, And Hamor cometh &#8212; Shechem his son also &#8212; unto the gate of their city, and they speak unto the men of their city, saying, And Hamor and Shechem his son came to the gate of their city, and communed with the men of their city, saying, 
Genesis 34:21 These men are peaceable with us; therefore let them dwell in the land, and trade therein; for the land, behold, it is large enough for them; let us take their daughters to us for wives, and let us give them our daughters. These men are peaceable with us; therefore let them dwell in the land, and trade therein; for, behold, the land is large enough for them; let us take their daughters to us for wives, and let us give them our daughters. These men are peaceable and willing to dwell with us: let them trade in the land, and till it, which being large and wide wanteth men to till it: we shall take their daughters for wives, and we will give them ours. These men are peaceable with us; therefore let them dwell in the land, and trade in it. And the land behold, it is of wide extent before them. We will take their daughters as wives, and give them our daughters. These men are peaceable with us; therefore let them dwell in the land, and trade therein; for, behold, the land is large enough for them; let us take their daughters to us for wives, and let us give them our daughters. These men are peaceable with us, therefore let them dwell in the land, and trade therein: for the land, behold, it is large enough for them: let us take their daughters to us for wives, and let us give them our daughters."These men are peaceful with us. Therefore let them live in the land and trade in it. For behold, the land is large enough for them. Let us take their daughters to us for wives, and let us give them our daughters. These men are peaceable with us; then let them dwell in the land, and trade in it; and the land, lo, is wide before them; their daughters let us take to ourselves for wives, and our daughters give to them. These men are peaceable with us; therefore let them dwell in the land, and trade therein; for the land, behold, it is large enough for them; let us take their daughters to us for wives, and let us give them our daughters.
Genesis 34:22 Only herein will the men consent unto us for to dwell with us, to be one people, if every male among us be circumcised, as they are circumcised.Only on this condition will the men consent unto us to dwell with us, to become one people, if every male among us be circumcised, as they are circumcised.One thing there is for which so great a good is deferred: We must circumcise every male among us, following the manner of the nation. But only in this will the men consent to us to dwell with us, to be one people if every male among us be circumcised, just as they are circumcised.Only on this condition will the men consent unto us to dwell with us, to become one people, if every male among us be circumcised, as they are circumcised.Only herein, will the men consent to us to dwell with us, to be one people, if every male among us shall be circumcised, as they are circumcised.Only on this condition will the men consent to us to live with us, to become one people, if every male among us is circumcised, as they are circumcised.'Only for this do the men consent to us, to dwell with us, to become one people, in every male of us being circumcised, as they are circumcised; Only herein will the men consent to us for to dwell with us, to be one people, if every male among us be circumcised, as they are circumcised.
Genesis 34:23 Shall not their cattle and their substance and every beast of theirs be ours? only let us consent unto them, and they will dwell with us. Shall not their cattle and their substance and all their beasts be ours? only let us consent unto them, and they will dwell with us. And their substance, and cattle, and all that they possess, shall be ours: only in this let us condescend, and by dwelling together, we shall make one people. Their cattle, and their possessions, and every beast of theirs, shall they not be ours? only let us consent to them, and they will dwell with us. Shall not their cattle and their substance and all their beasts be ours? only let us consent unto them, and they will dwell with us.Will not their cattle, and their substance, and every beast of theirs be ours? only let us consent to them, and they will dwell with us.Won't their livestock and their possessions and all their animals be ours? Only let us give our consent to them, and they will dwell with us." their cattle, and their substance, and all their beasts &#8212; are they not ours? only let us consent to them, and they dwell with us.' Shall not their cattle and their substance and every beast of theirs be our's? only let us consent to them, and they will dwell with us.
Genesis 34:24 And unto Hamor and unto Shechem his son hearkened all that went out of the gate of his city; and every male was circumcised, all that went out of the gate of his city. And unto Hamor and unto Shechem his son hearkened all that went out of the gate of his city; and every male was circumcised, all that went out of the gate of his city. And they all agreed, and circumcised all the males. And all that went out at the gate of his city hearkened to Hamor and to Shechem his son; and every male was circumcised all that went out at the gate of his city. And unto Hamor and unto Shechem his son hearkened all that went out of the gate of his city; and every male was circumcised, all that went out of the gate of his city. And to Hamor and to Shechem his son hearkened all that went out of the gate of his city: and every male was circumcised, all that went out of the gate of his city. All who went out of the gate of his city listened to Hamor, and to Shechem his son; and every male was circumcised, all who went out of the gate of his city. And unto Hamor, and unto Shechem his son, hearken do all those going out of the gate of his city, and every male is circumcised, all those going out of the gate of his city. And to Hamor and to Shechem his son listened all that went out of the gate of his city; and every male was circumcised, all that went out of the gate of his city.
Genesis 34:25 And it came to pass on the third day, when they were sore, that two of the sons of Jacob, Simeon and Levi, Dinah's brethren, took each man his sword, and came upon the city boldly, and slew all the males. And it came to pass on the third day, when they were sore, that two of the sons of Jacob, Simeon and Levi, Dinah's brethren, took each man his sword, and came upon the city unawares, and slew all the males. And behold the third day, when the pain of the wound was greatest, two of the sons of Jacob, Simeon and Levi, the brothers of Dina, taking their swords, entered boldly into the city, and slew all the men:  And it came to pass on the third day, when they were sore, that two of the sons of Jacob, Simeon and Levi, Dinah's brethren, took each his sword, and came upon the city boldly, and slew all the males. And it came to pass on the third day, when they were sore, that two of the sons of Jacob, Simeon and Levi, Dinah's brethren, took each man his sword, and came upon the city unawares, and slew all the males. And it came to pass on the third day, when they were sore, that two of the sons of Jacob, Simeon and Levi, Dinah's brethren, took each man his sword, and came upon the city boldly, and slew all the males.It happened on the third day, when they were sore, that two of Jacob's sons, Simeon and Levi, Dinah's brothers, each took his sword, came upon the unsuspecting city, and killed all the males. And it cometh to pass, on the third day, in their being pained, that two of the sons of Jacob, Simeon and Levi, Dinah's brethren, take each his sword, and come in against the city confidently, and slay every male; And it came to pass on the third day, when they were sore, that two of the sons of Jacob, Simeon and Levi, Dinah's brothers, took each man his sword, and came on the city boldly, and slew all the males.
Genesis 34:26 And they slew Hamor and Shechem his son with the edge of the sword, and took Dinah out of Shechem's house, and went out. And they slew Hamor and Shechem his son with the edge of the sword, and took Dinah out of Shechem's house, and went forth. And they killed also Hemor and Sichem, and took away their sister Dina, out of Sichem's house. And Hamor and Shechem his son they slew with the edge of the sword; and took Dinah out of Shechem's house; and went out. And they slew Hamor and Shechem his son with the edge of the sword, and took Dinah out of Shechem's house, and went forth. And they slew Hamor and Shechem his son with the edge of the sword, and took Dinah out of Shechem's house, and went out. They killed Hamor and Shechem, his son, with the edge of the sword, and took Dinah out of Shechem's house, and went away. And Hamor, and Shechem his son, they have slain by the mouth of the sword, and they take Dinah out of Shechem's house, and go out. And they slew Hamor and Shechem his son with the edge of the sword, and took Dinah out of Shechem's house, and went out.
Genesis 34:27 The sons of Jacob came upon the slain, and spoiled the city, because they had defiled their sister. The sons of Jacob came upon the slain, and plundered the city, because they had defiled their sister. And when they were gone out, the other sons of Jacob came upon the slain; and plundered the city in revenge of the rape. The sons of Jacob came upon the slain, and plundered the city, because they had defiled their sister. The sons of Jacob came upon the slain, and spoiled the city, because they had defiled their sister. The sons of Jacob came upon the slain, and spoiled the city; because they had defiled their sister.Jacob's sons came on the dead, and plundered the city, because they had defiled their sister.Jacob's sons have come in upon the wounded, and they spoil the city, because they had defiled their sister; The sons of Jacob came on the slain, and spoiled the city, because they had defiled their sister.
Genesis 34:28 They took their sheep, and their oxen, and their asses, and that which was in the city, and that which was in the field, They took their flocks and their herds and their asses, and that which was in the city, and that which was in the field; And they took their sheep and their herds and their asses, wasting all they had in their houses and in the fields. Their sheep, and their oxen, and their asses, and what was in the city, and what was in the field they took; They took their flocks and their herds and their asses, and that which was in the city, and that which was in the field; They took their sheep, and their oxen, and their asses, and that which was in the city, and that which was in the field. They took their flocks, their herds, their donkeys, that which was in the city, that which was in the field, their flock and their herd, and their asses, and that which is in the city, and that which is in the field, have they taken; They took their sheep, and their oxen, and their asses, and that which was in the city, and that which was in the field, 
Genesis 34:29 And all their wealth, and all their little ones, and their wives took they captive, and spoiled even all that was in the house. And all their wealth, and all their little ones and their wives, took they captive and made a prey, even all that was in the house. And their children and wives they took captive,  and all their goods, and all their little ones, and their wives took they captive, and plundered them, and all that was in the houses. And all their wealth, and all their little ones and their wives, took they captive and spoiled, even all that was in the house. And all their wealth, and all their little ones, and their wives they took captive, and spoiled even all that was in the house. And all their wealth. They took captive all their little ones and their wives, and took as plunder everything that was in the house. And all their wealth, and all their infants, and their wives they have taken captive, and they spoil also all that is in the house. And all their wealth, and all their little ones, and their wives took they captive, and spoiled even all that was in the house.
Genesis 34:30 And Jacob said to Simeon and Levi, Ye have troubled me to make me to stink among the inhabitants of the land, among the Canaanites and the Perizzites: and I being few in number, they shall gather themselves together against me, and slay me; and I shall be destroyed, I and my house. And Jacob said to Simeon and Levi, Ye have troubled me, to make me odious to the inhabitants of the land, among the Canaanites and the Perizzites: and, I being few in number, they will gather themselves together against me and smite me; and I shall be destroyed, I and my house. And when they had boldly perpetrated these things, Jacob said to Simeon and Levi: You have troubled me, and made me hateful to the Chanaanites and Pherezites, the inhabitants of this land: we are few: they will gather themselves together and kill me; and both I, and my house, shall be destroyed. And Jacob said to Simeon and Levi, Ye have troubled me, in that ye make me odious among the inhabitants of the land among the Canaanites and the Perizzites; and I am few men in number, and they will gather themselves against me and smite me, and I shall be destroyed, I and my house. And Jacob said to Simeon and Levi, Ye have troubled me, to make me to stink among the inhabitants of the land, among the Canaanites and the Perizzites: and, I being few in number, they will gather themselves together against me and smite me; and I shall be destroyed, I and my house. And Jacob said to Simeon and Levi, Ye have troubled me to make me odious among the inhabitants of the land, among the Canaanites, and the Perizzites: and I being few in number, they will assemble themselves against me, and slay me, and I shall be destroyed, I and my house.Jacob said to Simeon and Levi, "You have troubled me, to make me odious to the inhabitants of the land, among the Canaanites and the Perizzites. I am few in number. They will gather themselves together against me and strike me, and I will be destroyed, I and my house." And Jacob saith unto Simeon and unto Levi, 'Ye have troubled me, by causing me to stink among the inhabitants of the land, among the Canaanite, and among the Perizzite: and I am few in number, and they have been gathered against me, and have smitten me, and I have been destroyed, I and my house.' And Jacob said to Simeon and Levi, You have troubled me to make me to stink among the inhabitants of the land, among the Canaanites and the Perizzites: and I being few in number, they shall gather themselves together against me, and slay me; and I shall be destroyed, I and my house.
Genesis 34:31 And they said, Should he deal with our sister as with an harlot? And they said, Should he deal with our sister as with a harlot? They answered: Should they abuse our sister as a strumpet?  And they said, Should people deal with our sister as with a harlot? And they said, Should he deal with our sister as with an harlot? And they said, Should he deal with our sister, as with a harlot? They said, "Should he deal with our sister as with a prostitute?" And they say, 'As a harlot doth he make our sister?' And they said, Should he deal with our sister as with an harlot? 
Genesis 35:1 And God said unto Jacob, Arise, go up to Bethel, and dwell there: and make there an altar unto God, that appeared unto thee when thou fleddest from the face of Esau thy brother. And God said unto Jacob, Arise, go up to Beth-el, and dwell there: and make there an altar unto God, who appeared unto thee when thou fleddest from the face of Esau thy brother.In the meantime God said to Jacob: Arise, and go up to Bethel, and dwell there, and make there an altar to God, who appeared to thee when thou didst flee from Esau thy brother. And God said to Jacob, Arise, go up to Bethel, and dwell there, and make there an altar unto the God that appeared unto thee when thou fleddest from the face of Esau thy brother. And God said unto Jacob, Arise, go up to Beth-el, and dwell there: and make there an altar unto God, who appeared unto thee when thou fleddest from the face of Esau thy brother. And God said to Jacob, Arise, go up to Beth-el, and dwell there: and make there an altar to God, who appeared to thee when thou fleddest from the face of Esau thy brother.God said to Jacob, "Arise, go up to Bethel, and live there. Make there an altar to God, who appeared to you when you fled from the face of Esau your brother." And God saith unto Jacob, 'Rise, go up to Bethel, and dwell there, and make there an altar to God, who appeared unto thee in thy fleeing from the face of Esau thy brother.' And God said to Jacob, Arise, go up to Bethel, and dwell there: and make there an altar to God, that appeared to you when you fled from the face of Esau your brother.
Genesis 35:2 Then Jacob said unto his household, and to all that were with him, Put away the strange gods that are among you, and be clean, and change your garments: Then Jacob said unto his household, and to all that were with him, Put away the foreign gods that are among you, and purify yourselves, and change your garments: And Jacob having called together all his household, said: Cast away the strange gods that are among you, and be cleansed and change your garments. And Jacob said to his household, and to all that were with him, Put away the strange gods that are among you, and cleanse yourselves, and change your garments; Then Jacob said unto his household, and to all that were with him, Put away the strange gods that are among you, and purify yourselves, and change your garments: Then Jacob said to his household, and to all that were with him, Put away the strange gods that are among you, and be clean, and change your garments: Then Jacob said to his household, and to all who were with him, "Put away the foreign gods that are among you, purify yourselves, change your garments. And Jacob saith unto his household, and unto all who are with him, 'Turn aside the gods of the stranger which are in your midst, and cleanse yourselves, and change your garments; Then Jacob said to his household, and to all that were with him, Put away the strange gods that are among you, and be clean, and change your garments: 
Genesis 35:3 And let us arise, and go up to Bethel; and I will make there an altar unto God, who answered me in the day of my distress, and was with me in the way which I went. And let us arise, and go up to Beth-el; and I will make there an altar unto God, who answered me in the day of my distress, and was with me in the way which I went. Arise, and let us go up to Bethel, that we may make there an altar to God: who heard me in the day of my affliction, and accompanied me in my journey. and we will arise, and go up to Bethel; and I will make there an altar to the God that answered me in the day of my distress, and was with me in the way that I went. And let us arise, and go up to Beth-el; and I will make there an altar unto God, who answered me in the day of my distress, and was with me in the way which I went. And let us arise, and go up to Beth-el; and I will make there an altar to God, who answered me in the day of my distress, and was with me in the way which I went.Let us arise, and go up to Bethel. I will make there an altar to God, who answered me in the day of my distress, and was with me in the way which I went." and we rise, and go up to Bethel, and I make there an altar to God, who is answering me in the day of my distress, and is with me in the way that I have gone.' And let us arise, and go up to Bethel; and I will make there an altar to God, who answered me in the day of my distress, and was with me in the way which I went.
Genesis 35:4 And they gave unto Jacob all the strange gods which were in their hand, and all their earrings which were in their ears; and Jacob hid them under the oak which was by Shechem. And they gave unto Jacob all the foreign gods which were in their hand, and the rings which were in their ears; and Jacob hid them under the oak which was by Shechem. So they gave him all the strange gods they had, and the earrings which were in their ears: and he buried them under the turpentine tree, that is behind the city of Sichem. And they gave to Jacob all the strange gods that were in their hand, and the rings that were in their ears, and Jacob hid them under the terebinth that is by Shechem. And they gave unto Jacob all the strange gods which were in their hand, and the rings which were in their ears; and Jacob hid them under the oak which was by Shechem. And they gave to Jacob all the strange gods which were in their hand, and the ear-rings which were in their ears; and Jacob hid them under the oak which was by Shechem. They gave to Jacob all the foreign gods which were in their hands, and the rings which were in their ears; and Jacob hid them under the oak which was by Shechem. And they give unto Jacob all the gods of the stranger that are in their hand, and the rings that are in their ears, and Jacob hideth them under the oak which is by Shechem; And they gave to Jacob all the strange gods which were in their hand, and all their earrings which were in their ears; and Jacob hid them under the oak which was by Shechem.
Genesis 35:5 And they journeyed: and the terror of God was upon the cities that were round about them, and they did not pursue after the sons of Jacob. And they journeyed: and a terror of God was upon the cities that were round about them, and they did not pursue after the sons of Jacob. And when they were departed, the terror of God fell upon all the cities round about, and they durst not pursue after them as they went away. And they journeyed; and the terror of God was upon the cities that were round about them, and they did not pursue after the sons of Jacob. And they journeyed: and a great terror was upon the cities that were round about them, and they did not pursue after the sons of Jacob. And they journeyed: and the terror of God was on the cities that were round them, and they did not pursue after the sons of Jacob. They traveled, and a terror of God was on the cities that were around them, and they didn't pursue the sons of Jacob. And they journey, and the terror of God is on the cities which are round about them, and they have not pursued after the sons of Jacob. And they journeyed: and the terror of God was on the cities that were round about them, and they did not pursue after the sons of Jacob.
Genesis 35:6 So Jacob came to Luz, which is in the land of Canaan, that is, Bethel, he and all the people that were with him. So Jacob came to Luz, which is in the land of Canaan (the same is Beth-el), he and all the people that were with him. And Jacob came to Luza, which is in the land of Chanaan, surnamed Bethel: he and all the people that were with him. And Jacob came to Luz, which is in the land of Canaan, that is, Bethel, he and all the people that were with him. So Jacob came to Luz, which is in the land of Canaan (the same is Beth-el), he and all the people that were with him. So Jacob came to Luz, which is in the land of Canaan (that is Beth-el) he and all the people that were with him. So Jacob came to Luz (that is, Bethel), which is in the land of Canaan, he and all the people who were with him. And Jacob cometh in to Luz which is in the land of Canaan (it is Bethel), he and all the people who are with him, So Jacob came to Luz, which is in the land of Canaan, that is, Bethel, he and all the people that were with him.
Genesis 35:7 And he built there an altar, and called the place Elbethel: because there God appeared unto him, when he fled from the face of his brother. And he built there an altar, and called the place El-beth-el; because there God was revealed unto him, when he fled from the face of his brother. And he built there an altar, and called the name of that place, The house of God: for there God appeared to him when he fled from his brother. And he built there an altar, and called the place El-beth-el; because there God had appeared to him when he fled from the face of his brother. And he built there an altar, and called the place El-beth-el: because there God was revealed unto him, when he fled from the face of his brother. And he erected there an altar, and called the place El-beth-el; because there God appeared to him, when he fled from the face of his brother.He built an altar there, and called the place El Beth El; because there God was revealed to him, when he fled from the face of his brother. And he buildeth there an altar, and proclaimeth at the place the God of Bethel: for there had God been revealed unto him, in his fleeing from the face of his brother. And he built there an altar, and called the place Elbethel: because there God appeared to him, when he fled from the face of his brother.
Genesis 35:8 But Deborah Rebekah's nurse died, and she was buried beneath Bethel under an oak: and the name of it was called Allonbachuth. And Deborah Rebekah's nurse died, and she was buried below Beth-el under the oak: and the name of it was called Allon-bacuth. At the same time Debora the nurse of Rebecca died, and was buried at the foot of Bethel under an oak: and the name of that place was called, The oak of weeping. And Deborah, Rebecca's nurse, died; and she was buried beneath Bethel, under the oak; and the name of it was called Allon-bachuth. And Deborah Rebekah's nurse died, and she was buried below Beth-el under the oak: and the name of it was called Allon-bacuth.But Deborah, Rebekah's nurse, died, and she was buried beneath Beth-el, under an oak: and the name of it was called Allon-bachuth.Deborah, Rebekah's nurse, died, and she was buried below Bethel under the oak; and its name was called Allon Bacuth. And Deborah, Rebekah's nurse, dieth, and she is buried at the lower part of Bethel, under the oak, and he calleth its name 'Oak of weeping.' But Deborah Rebekah's nurse died, and she was buried beneath Bethel under an oak: and the name of it was called Allonbachuth.
Genesis 35:9 And God appeared unto Jacob again, when he came out of Padanaram, and blessed him. And God appeared unto Jacob again, when he came from Paddan-aram, and blessed him. And God appeared again to Jacob, after he returned from Mesopotamia of Syria, and he blessed him,  And God appeared to Jacob again after he had come from Padan-Aram, and blessed him. And God appeared unto Jacob again, when he came from Paddan-aram, and blessed him. And God appeared to Jacob again when he came out of Padan-aram; and blessed him.God appeared to Jacob again, when he came from Paddan Aram, and blessed him. And God appeareth unto Jacob again, in his coming from Padan-Aram, and blesseth him; And God appeared to Jacob again, when he came out of Padanaram, and blessed him.
Genesis 35:10 And God said unto him, Thy name is Jacob: thy name shall not be called any more Jacob, but Israel shall be thy name: and he called his name Israel. And God said unto him, Thy name is Jacob: thy name shall not be called any more Jacob, but Israel shall be thy name: and he called his name Israel. Saying: Thou shalt not be called any more Jacob, but Israel shall be thy name. And he called him Israel. And God said to him, Thy name is Jacob: thy name shall not henceforth be called Jacob, but Israel shall be thy name. And he called his name Israel. And God said unto him, Thy name is Jacob: thy name shall not be called any more Jacob, but Israel shall be thy name: and he called his name Israel. And God said to him, Thy name is Jacob: thy name shall not be called any more Jacob, but Israel shall be thy name; and he called his name Israel.God said to him, "Your name is Jacob. Your name shall not be Jacob any more, but your name will be Israel." He named him Israel. And God saith to him, 'Thy name is Jacob: thy name is no more called Jacob, but Israel is thy name;' and He calleth his name Israel. And God said to him, Your name is Jacob: your name shall not be called any more Jacob, but Israel shall be your name: and he called his name Israel.
Genesis 35:11 And God said unto him, I am God Almighty: be fruitful and multiply; a nation and a company of nations shall be of thee, and kings shall come out of thy loins; And God said unto him, I am God Almighty: be fruitful and multiply; a nation and a company of nations shall be of thee, and kings shall come out of thy loins; And said to him: I am God Almighty, increase thou and be multiplied. Nations and peoples of nations shall be from thee, and kings shall come out of thy loins. And God said to him, I am the Almighty God: be fruitful and multiply; a nation and a company of nations shall be of thee; and kings shall come out of thy loins. And God said unto him, I am God Almighty: be fruitful and multiply; a nation and a company of nations shall be of thee, and kings shall come out of thy loins; And God said to him, I am God Almighty: be fruitful and multiply; a nation and a multitude of nations shall spring from thee, and kings shall come out of thy loins.God said to him, "I am God Almighty. Be fruitful and multiply. A nation and a company of nations will be from you, and kings will come out of your body. And God saith to him, 'I am God Almighty; be fruitful and multiply, a nation and an assembly of nations is from thee, and kings from thy loins go out; And God said to him, I am God Almighty: be fruitful and multiply; a nation and a company of nations shall be of you, and kings shall come out of your loins; 
Genesis 35:12 And the land which I gave Abraham and Isaac, to thee I will give it, and to thy seed after thee will I give the land. And the land which I gave unto Abraham and Isaac, to thee I will give it, and to thy seed after thee will I give the land. And the land which I gave to Abraham and Isaac, I will give to thee, and to thy seed after thee. And the land that I gave Abraham and Isaac, to thee will I give it, and to thy seed after thee will I give the land. And the land which I gave unto Abraham and Isaac, to thee I will give it, and to thy seed after thee will I give the land. And the land which I gave to Abraham and Isaac, to thee I will give it, and to thy seed after thee will I give the land. The land which I gave to Abraham and Isaac, I will give it to you, and to your seed after you will I give the land." and the land which I have given to Abraham and to Isaac &#8212; to thee I give it, yea to thy seed after thee I give the land.' And the land which I gave Abraham and Isaac, to you I will give it, and to your seed after you will I give the land.
Genesis 35:13 And God went up from him in the place where he talked with him. And God went up from him in the place where he spake with him. And he departed from him. And God went up from him in the place where he had talked with him. And God went up from him in the place where he spake with him. And God went up from him, in the place where he talked with him.God went up from him in the place where he spoke with him. And God goeth up from him, in the place where He hath spoken with him. And God went up from him in the place where he talked with him.
Genesis 35:14 And Jacob set up a pillar in the place where he talked with him, even a pillar of stone: and he poured a drink offering thereon, and he poured oil thereon. And Jacob set up a pillar in the place where he spake with him, a pillar of stone: and he poured out a drink-offering thereon, and poured oil thereon.But he set up a monument of stone, in the place where God had spoken to him: pouring drink offerings upon it, and pouring oil thereon:  And Jacob set up a pillar in the place where he had talked with him, a pillar of stone, and poured on it a drink-offering, and poured oil on it. And Jacob set up a pillar in the place where he spake with him, a pillar of stone: and he poured out a drink offering thereon, and poured oil thereon. And Jacob set up a pillar in the place where he talked with him, even a pillar of stone: and he poured a drink-offering thereon, and he poured oil thereon.Jacob set up a pillar in the place where he spoke with him, a pillar of stone. He poured out a drink offering on it, and poured oil on it. And Jacob setteth up a standing pillar in the place where He hath spoken with him, a standing pillar of stone, and he poureth on it an oblation, and he poureth on it oil; And Jacob set up a pillar in the place where he talked with him, even a pillar of stone: and he poured a drink offering thereon, and he poured oil thereon.
Genesis 35:15 And Jacob called the name of the place where God spake with him, Bethel. And Jacob called the name of the place where God spake with him, Beth-el. And calling the name of that place Bethel. And Jacob called the name of the place where God had talked with him, Beth-el. And Jacob called the name of the place where God spake with him, Beth-el. And Jacob called the name of the place where God spoke with him, Beth-el.Jacob called the name of the place where God spoke with him "Bethel." and Jacob calleth the name of the place where God spake with him Bethel. And Jacob called the name of the place where God spoke with him, Bethel.
Genesis 35:16 And they journeyed from Bethel; and there was but a little way to come to Ephrath: and Rachel travailed, and she had hard labour. And they journeyed from Beth-el; and there was still some distance to come to Ephrath: and Rachel travailed, and she had hard labor. And going forth from thence, he came in the springtime to the land which leadeth to Ephrata: wherein when Rachel was in travail,  And they journeyed from Bethel. And there was yet a certain distance to come to Ephrath, when Rachel travailed in childbirth; and it went hard with her in her childbearing. And they journeyed from Beth-el; and there was still some way to come to Ephrath: and Rachel travailed, and she had hard labour. And they journeyed from Beth-el; and there was but a little way to come to Ephrath: and Rachel travailed, and she had hard labor. They traveled from Bethel. There was still some distance to come to Ephrath, and Rachel travailed. She had hard labor. And they journey from Bethel, and there is yet a kibrath of land before entering Ephratha, and Rachel beareth, and is sharply pained in her bearing; And they journeyed from Bethel; and there was but a little way to come to Ephrath: and Rachel travailed, and she had hard labor.
Genesis 35:17 And it came to pass, when she was in hard labour, that the midwife said unto her, Fear not; thou shalt have this son also. And it came to pass, when she was in hard labor, that the midwife said unto her, Fear not; for now thou shalt have another son.By reason of her hard labor she began to be in danger, and the midwife said to her: Fear not, for thou shalt have this son also. And it came to pass when it went hard with her in her childbearing, that the midwife said to her, Fear not; for this also is a son for thee. And it came to pass, when she was in hard labour, that the midwife said unto her, Fear not; for now thou shalt have another son. And it came to pass when she was in hard labor, that the midwife said to her, Fear not; thou shalt have this son also.When she was in hard labor, the midwife said to her, "Don't be afraid, for now you will have another son." and it cometh to pass, in her being sharply pained in her bearing, that the midwife saith to her, 'Fear not, for this also is a son for thee.' And it came to pass, when she was in hard labor, that the midwife said to her, Fear not; you shall have this son also.
Genesis 35:18 And it came to pass, as her soul was in departing, (for she died) that she called his name Benoni: but his father called him Benjamin. And it came to pass, as her soul was departing (for she died), that she called his name Ben-oni: but his father called him Benjamin. And when her soul was departing for pain, and death was now at hand, she called the name of her son Benoni, that is, The son of my pain: but his father called him Benjamin, that is, The son of the right hand. And it came to pass as her soul was departing for she died that she called his name Benoni; but his father called him Benjamin. And it came to pass, as her soul was in departing (for she died), that she called his name Ben-oni: but his father called him Benjamin. And it came to pass as her soul was in departing (for she died) that she called his name Ben-oni: but his father called him Benjamin.It happened, as her soul was departing (for she died), that she named him Benoni, but his father named him Benjamin. And it cometh to pass in the going out of her soul (for she died), that she calleth his name Ben-Oni; and his father called him Benjamin; And it came to pass, as her soul was in departing, (for she died) that she called his name Benoni: but his father called him Benjamin.
Genesis 35:19 And Rachel died, and was buried in the way to Ephrath, which is Bethlehem. And Rachel died, and was buried in the way to Ephrath (the same is Beth-lehem). So Rachel died, and was buried in the highway that leadeth to Ephrata, that is Bethlehem. And Rachel died, and was buried on the way to Ephrath, which is Bethlehem. And Rachel died, and was buried in the way to Ephrath (the same is Beth-lehem). And Rachel died, and was buried in the way to Ephrath, which is Beth-lehem.Rachel died, and was buried in the way to Ephrath (the same is Bethlehem). And Rachel dieth, and is buried in the way to Ephratha, which is Bethlehem, And Rachel died, and was buried in the way to Ephrath, which is Bethlehem.
Genesis 35:20 And Jacob set a pillar upon her grave: that is the pillar of Rachel's grave unto this day. And Jacob set up a pillar upon her grave: the same is the Pillar of Rachel's grave unto this day. And Jacob erected a pillar over her sepulcher: this is the pillar of Rachel's monument, to this day. And Jacob erected a pillar upon her grave: that is the pillar of Rachel's grave to this day. And Jacob set up a pillar upon her grave: the same is the Pillar of Rachel's grave unto this day. And Jacob set a pillar on her grave: that is the pillar of Rachel's grave to this day.Jacob set up a pillar on her grave. The same is the Pillar of Rachel's grave to this day. And Jacob setteth up a standing pillar over her grave; which is the standing pillar of Rachel's grave unto this day. And Jacob set a pillar on her grave: that is the pillar of Rachel's grave to this day.
Genesis 35:21 And Israel journeyed, and spread his tent beyond the tower of Edar. And Israel journeyed, and spread his tent beyond the tower of Eder.Departing thence, he pitched his tent beyond the Flock tower. And Israel journeyed, and spread his tent on the other side of Migdal-Eder. And Israel journeyed, and spread his tent beyond the tower of Eder. And Israel journeyed, and spread his tent beyond the tower of Edar.Israel traveled, and spread his tent beyond the tower of Eder. And Israel journeyeth, and stretcheth out his tent beyond the tower of Edar; And Israel journeyed, and spread his tent beyond the tower of Edar.
Genesis 35:22 And it came to pass, when Israel dwelt in that land, that Reuben went and lay with Bilhah his father's concubine: and Israel heard it. Now the sons of Jacob were twelve: And it came to pass, while Israel dwelt in that land, that Reuben went and lay with Bilhah his father's concubine: and Israel heard of it. Now the sons of Jacob were twelve: And when he dwelt in that country, Ruben went, and slept with Bala, the concubine of his father: which he was not ignorant of. Now the sons of Jacob were twelve. And it came to pass when Israel dwelt in that land, that Reuben went and lay with Bilhah, his father's concubine; and Israel heard of it. And the sons of Jacob were twelve. And it came to pass, while Israel dwelt in that land, that Reuben went and lay with Bilhah his father's concubine: and Israel heard of it. Now the sons of Jacob were twelve: And it came to pass, when Israel dwelt in that land, that Reuben went and lay with Bilhah his father's concubine: and Israel heard it. Now the sons of Jacob were twelve: It happened, while Israel lived in that land, that Reuben went and lay with Bilhah, his father's concubine, and Israel heard of it. Now the sons of Jacob were twelve. And it cometh to pass in Israel's dwelling in that land, that Reuben goeth, and lieth with Bilhah his father's concubine; and Israel heareth. And it came to pass, when Israel dwelled in that land, that Reuben went and lay with Bilhah his father's concubine: and Israel heard it. Now the sons of Jacob were twelve: 
Genesis 35:23 The sons of Leah; Reuben, Jacob's firstborn, and Simeon, and Levi, and Judah, and Issachar, and Zebulun: The sons of Leah: Reuben, Jacob's first-born, and Simeon, and Levi, and Judah, and Issachar, and Zebulun; The sons of Lia: Ruben the firstborn, and Simeon, and Levi, and Juda, and Issachar, and Zebulon. The sons of Leah: Reuben Jacob's firstborn and Simeon, and Levi, and Judah, and Issachar, and Zebulun. The sons of Leah; Reuben, Jacob's firstborn, and Simeon, and Levi, and Judah, and Issachar, and Zebulun: The sons of Leah; Reuben, Jacob's first-born, and Simeon, and Levi, and Judah, and Issachar, and Zebulun: The sons of Leah: Reuben (Jacob's firstborn), Simeon, Levi, Judah, Issachar, and Zebulun. And the sons of Jacob are twelve. Sons of Leah: Jacob's first-born Reuben, and Simeon, and Levi, and Judah, and Issachar, and Zebulun. The sons of Leah; Reuben, Jacob's firstborn, and Simeon, and Levi, and Judah, and Issachar, and Zebulun: 
Genesis 35:24 The sons of Rachel; Joseph, and Benjamin: the sons of Rachel: Joseph and Benjamin; The sons of Rachel: Joseph and Benjamin. The sons of Rachel: Joseph and Benjamin. The sons of Rachel; Joseph and Benjamin: The sons of Rachel; Joseph, and Benjamin: The sons of Rachel: Joseph and Benjamin. Sons of Rachel: Joseph and Benjamin. The sons of Rachel; Joseph, and Benjamin: 
Genesis 35:25 And the sons of Bilhah, Rachel's handmaid; Dan, and Naphtali: and the sons of Bilhah, Rachel's handmaid: Dan and Naphtali; The sons of Bala, Rachel's handmaid: Dan and Naphthali. And the sons of Bilhah, Rachel's maidservant: Dan and Naphtali. And the sons of Bilhah, Rachel's handmaid; Dan and Naphtali: And the sons of Bilhah, Rachel's handmaid; Dan, and Naphtali: The sons of Bilhah (Rachel's handmaid): Dan and Naphtali. And sons of Bilhah, Rachel's maid-servant: Dan and Naphtali. And the sons of Bilhah, Rachel's handmaid; Dan, and Naphtali: 
Genesis 35:26 And the sons of Zilpah, Leah's handmaid; Gad, and Asher: these are the sons of Jacob, which were born to him in Padanaram. And the sons of Zilpah, Leah's handmaid: Gad and Asher: these are the sons of Jacob, that were born to him in Paddan-aram. The sons of Zelpha, Lia's handmaid: Gad and Aser: these are the sons of Jacob, that were born to him in Mesopotamia of Syria. And the sons of Zilpah, Leah's maidservant: Gad and Asher. These are the sons of Jacob that were born to him in Padan-Aram. And the sons of Zilpah, Leah's handmaid; Gad and Asher: these are the sons of Jacob, which were born to him in Paddan-aram. And the sons of Zilpah, Leah's handmaid; Gad, and Asher. These are the sons of Jacob, who were born to him in Padan-aram. The sons of Zilpah (Leah's handmaid): Gad and Asher. These are the sons of Jacob, who were born to him in Paddan Aram. And sons of Zilpah, Leah's maid-servant: Gad and Asher. These are sons of Jacob, who have been born to him in Padan-Aram. And the sons of Zilpah, Leah's handmaid: Gad, and Asher: these are the sons of Jacob, which were born to him in Padanaram.
Genesis 35:27 And Jacob came unto Isaac his father unto Mamre, unto the city of Arbah, which is Hebron, where Abraham and Isaac sojourned. And Jacob came unto Isaac his father to Mamre, to Kiriath-arba (the same is Hebron), where Abraham and Isaac sojourned. And he came to Isaac his father in Mambre, the city of Arbee, this is Hebron: Wherein Abraham and Isaac sojourned. And Jacob came to Isaac his father to Mamre to Kirjath-Arba, which is Hebron; where Abraham had sojourned, and Isaac. And Jacob came unto Isaac his father to Mamre, to Kiriath-arba (the same is Hebron), where Abraham and Isaac sojourned. And Jacob came to Isaac his father to Mamre, to the city of Arbah (which is Hebron) where Abraham and Isaac sojourned.Jacob came to Isaac his father, to Mamre, to Kiriath Arba (which is Hebron), where Abraham and Isaac lived as foreigners. And Jacob cometh unto Isaac his father, at Mamre, the city of Arba (which is Hebron), where Abraham and Isaac have sojourned. And Jacob came to Isaac his father to Mamre, to the city of Arbah, which is Hebron, where Abraham and Isaac sojourned.
Genesis 35:28 And the days of Isaac were an hundred and fourscore years. And the days of Isaac were a hundred and fourscore years. And the days of Isaac were a hundred and eighty years. And the days of Isaac were a hundred and eighty years. And the days of Isaac were an hundred and fourscore years. And the days of Isaac were a hundred and eighty years. The days of Isaac were one hundred eighty years. And the days of Isaac are a hundred and eighty years, And the days of Isaac were an hundred and fourscore years.
Genesis 35:29 And Isaac gave up the ghost, and died, and was gathered unto his people, being old and full of days: and his sons Esau and Jacob buried him. And Isaac gave up the ghost, and died, and was gathered unto his people, old and full of days: and Esau and Jacob his sons buried him. And being spent with age he died, and was gathered to his people, being old and full of days: and his sons Esau and Jacob buried him. And Isaac expired and died, and was gathered to his peoples, old and full of days. And his sons Esau and Jacob buried him. And Isaac gave up the ghost, and died, and was gathered unto his people, old and full of days: and Esau and Jacob his sons buried him. And Isaac expired and died, and was gathered to his people, being old and full of days; and his sons Esau and Jacob buried him.Isaac gave up the spirit, and died, and was gathered to his people, old and full of days. Esau and Jacob, his sons, buried him. And Isaac expireth, and dieth, and is gathered unto his people, aged and satisfied with days; and bury him do Esau and Jacob his sons. And Isaac gave up the ghost, and died, and was gathered to his people, being old and full of days: and his sons Esau and Jacob buried him.
Genesis 36:1 Now these are the generations of Esau, who is Edom.Now these are the generations of Esau (the same is Edom). And these are the generations of Esau, the same is Edom. And these are the generations of Esau, that is Edom.Now these are the generations of Esau (the same is Edom).Now these are the generations of Esau, who is Edom.Now this is the history of the generations of Esau (that is, Edom). And these are births of Esau, who is Edom.Now these are the generations of Esau, who is Edom.
Genesis 36:2 Esau took his wives of the daughters of Canaan; Adah the daughter of Elon the Hittite, and Aholibamah the daughter of Anah the daughter of Zibeon the Hivite; Esau took his wives of the daughters of Canaan: Adah the daughter of Elon the Hittite, and Oholibamah the daughter of Anah, the daughter of Zibeon the Hivite, Esau took wives of the daughters of Chanaan: Ada the daughter of Elon the Hethite, and Oolibama the daughter of Ana, the daughter of Sebeon the Hevite:  Esau took his wives of the daughters of Canaan: Adah the daughter of Elon the Hittite, and Oholibamah the daughter of Anah, daughter of Zibeon the Hivite, Esau took his wives of the daughters of Canaan; Adah the daughter of Elon the Hittite, and Oholibamah the daughter of Anah, the daughter of Zibeon the Hivite; Esau took his wives of the daughters of Canaan; Adah the daughter of Elon the Hittite, and Aholibamah the daughter of Anah the daughter of Zibeon the Hivite; Esau took his wives from the daughters of Canaan: Adah the daughter of Elon, the Hittite; and Oholibamah the daughter of Anah, the daughter of Zibeon, the Hivite; Esau hath taken his wives from the daughters of Canaan: Adah daughter of Elon the Hittite, and Aholibamah daughter of Anah, daughter of Zibeon the Hivite, Esau took his wives of the daughters of Canaan; Adah the daughter of Elon the Hittite, and Aholibamah the daughter of Anah the daughter of Zibeon the Hivite; 
Genesis 36:3 And Bashemath Ishmael's daughter, sister of Nebajoth. And Basemath Ishmael's daughter, sister of Nebaioth. And Basemath the daughter of Ismael, sister of Nabajoth. and Basmath Ishmael's daughter, the sister of Nebaioth. And Basemath Ishmael's daughter, sister of Nebaioth. And Bashemath, Ishmael's daughter, sister of Nebajoth. And Basemath, Ishmael's daughter, sister of Nebaioth. And Bashemath daughter of Ishmael, sister of Nebajoth. And Bashemath Ishmael's daughter, sister of Nebajoth.
Genesis 36:4 And Adah bare to Esau Eliphaz; and Bashemath bare Reuel; And Adah bare to Esau Eliphaz; and Basemath bare Reuel; And Ada bore Eliphaz: Basemath bore Rahuel:  And Adah bore to Esau Eliphaz; and Basmath bore Reuel. And Adah bare to Esau Eliphaz; and Basemath bare Reuel; And Adah bore to Esau, Eliphaz; and Bashemath bore Reuel; Adah bore to Esau Eliphaz. Basemath bore Reuel. And Adah beareth to Esau, Eliphaz; and Bashemath hath born Reuel; And Adah bore to Esau Eliphaz; and Bashemath bore Reuel; 
Genesis 36:5 And Aholibamah bare Jeush, and Jaalam, and Korah: these are the sons of Esau, which were born unto him in the land of Canaan. And Oholibamah bare Jeush, and Jalam, and Korah: these are the sons of Esau, that were born unto him in the land of Canaan.Oolibama bore Jehus and Ihelon and Core. These are the sons of Esau, that were born to him in the land of Chanaan. And Oholibamah bore Jeush and Jaalam and Korah. These are the sons of Esau that were born to him in the land of Canaan. And Oholibamah bare Jeush, and Jalam, and Korah: these are the sons of Esau, which were born unto him in the land of Canaan. And Aholibamah bore Jeush, and Jaalam, and Korah: These are the sons of Esau, who were born to him in the land of Canaan.Oholibamah bore Jeush, Jalam, and Korah. These are the sons of Esau, who were born to him in the land of Canaan. And Aholibamah hath born Jeush, and Jaalam, and Korah. These are sons of Esau, who were born to him in the land of Canaan. And Aholibamah bore Jeush, and Jaalam, and Korah: these are the sons of Esau, which were born to him in the land of Canaan.
Genesis 36:6 And Esau took his wives, and his sons, and his daughters, and all the persons of his house, and his cattle, and all his beasts, and all his substance, which he had got in the land of Canaan; and went into the country from the face of his brother Jacob. And Esau took his wives, and his sons, and his daughters, and all the souls of his house, and his cattle, and all his beasts, and all his possessions, which he had gather in the land of Canaan; and went into a land away from his brother Jacob. And Esau took his wives and his sons and daughters, and every soul of his house, and his substance, and cattle, and all that he was able to acquire in the land of Chanaan: and went into another country, and departed from his brother Jacob. And Esau took his wives, and his sons, and his daughters, and all the souls of his house, and his cattle, and all his beasts, and all his possessions, that he had acquired in the land of Canaan, and went into a country away from his brother Jacob. And Esau took his wives, and his sons, and his daughters, and all the souls of his house, and his cattle, and all his beasts, and all his possessions, which he had gathered in the land of Canaan; and went into a land away from his brother Jacob. And Esau took his wives, and his sons, and his daughters, and all the persons of his house, and his cattle, and all his beasts, and all his substance which he had acquired in the land of Canaan; and went into the country from the face of his brother Jacob.Esau took his wives, his sons, his daughters, and all the members of his household, with his livestock, all his animals, and all his possessions, which he had gathered in the land of Canaan, and went into a land away from his brother Jacob. And Esau taketh his wives, and his sons, and his daughters, and all the persons of his house, and his cattle, and all his beasts, and all his substance which he hath acquired in the land of Canaan, and goeth into the country from the face of Jacob his brother; And Esau took his wives, and his sons, and his daughters, and all the persons of his house, and his cattle, and all his beasts, and all his substance, which he had got in the land of Canaan; and went into the country from the face of his brother Jacob.
Genesis 36:7 For their riches were more than that they might dwell together; and the land wherein they were strangers could not bear them because of their cattle.For their substance was too great for them to dwell together; and the land of their sojournings could not bear them because of their cattle.For they were exceeding rich, and could not dwell together: neither was the land in which they sojourned able to bear them, for the multitude of their flocks. For their property was too great for them to dwell together, and the land where they were sojourners could not bear them, because of their cattle.For their substance was too great for them to dwell together; and the land of their sojournings could not bear them because of their cattle.For their riches were more than that they might dwell together: and the land wherein they were strangers could not sustain them, because of their cattle.For their substance was too great for them to dwell together, and the land of their travels couldn't bear them because of their livestock.for their substance was more abundant than to dwell together, and the land of their sojournings was not able to bear them because of their cattle; For their riches were more than that they might dwell together; and the land wherein they were strangers could not bear them because of their cattle.
Genesis 36:8 Thus dwelt Esau in mount Seir: Esau is Edom. And Esau dwelt in mount Seir: Esau is Edom. And Esau dwelt in mount Seir: he is Edom. Thus Esau dwelt in mount Seir; Esau is Edom. And Esau dwelt in mount Seir: Esau is Edom. Thus dwelt Esau in mount Seir: Esau is Edom.Esau lived in the hill country of Seir. Esau is Edom. And Esau dwelleth in mount Seir: Esau is Edom. Thus dwelled Esau in mount Seir: Esau is Edom.
Genesis 36:9 And these are the generations of Esau the father of the Edomites in mount Seir: And these are the generations of Esau the father of the Edomites in mount Seir: And these are the generations of Esau the father of Edom in mount Seir,  And these are the generations of Esau, the father of Edom, in mount Seir. And these are the generations of Esau the father of the Edomites in mount Seir: And these are the generations of Esau the father of the Edomites, in mount Seir: This is the history of the generations of Esau the father of the Edomites in the hill country of Seir: And these are births of Esau, father of Edom, in mount Seir. And these are the generations of Esau the father of the Edomites in mount Seir: 
Genesis 36:10 These are the names of Esau's sons; Eliphaz the son of Adah the wife of Esau, Reuel the son of Bashemath the wife of Esau. These are the names of Esau's sons: Eliphaz the son of Adah the wife of Esau, Reuel the son of Basemath the wife of Esau. And these the names of his sons: Eliphaz the son of Ada the wife of Esau: and Rahnel the son of Basemath his wife. These are the names of Esau's sons: Eliphaz, the son of Adah the wife of Esau; Reuel, the son of Basmath the wife of Esau. These are the names of Esau's sons; Eliphaz the son of Adah the wife of Esau, Reuel the son of Basemath the wife of Esau. These are the names of Esau's sons; Eliphaz the son of Adah the wife of Esau, Reuel the son of Bashemath the wife of Esau. These are the names of Esau's sons: Eliphaz, the son of Adah, the wife of Esau; and Reuel, the son of Basemath, the wife of Esau. These are the names of the sons of Esau: Eliphaz son of Adah, wife of Esau; Reuel son of Bashemath, wife of Esau. These are the names of Esau's sons; Eliphaz the son of Adah the wife of Esau, Reuel the son of Bashemath the wife of Esau.
Genesis 36:11 And the sons of Eliphaz were Teman, Omar, Zepho, and Gatam, and Kenaz. And the sons of Eliphaz were Teman, Omar, Zepho, and Gatam, and Kenaz. And Eliphaz had sons: Theman, Omar, Sepho, and Gatham, and Cenee. And the sons of Eliphaz were Teman, Omar, Zepho, And Gatam, And Kenaz. And the sons of Eliphaz were Teman, Omar, Zepho, and Gatam, and Kenaz. And the sons of Eliphaz were, Teman, Omar, Zepho, and Gatam, and Kenaz. The sons of Eliphaz were Teman, Omar, Zepho, and Gatam, and Kenaz. And the sons of Eliphaz are Teman, Omar, Zepho, and Gatam, and Kenaz; And the sons of Eliphaz were Teman, Omar, Zepho, and Gatam, and Kenaz.
Genesis 36:12 And Timna was concubine to Eliphaz Esau's son; and she bare to Eliphaz Amalek: these were the sons of Adah Esau's wife. And Timna was concubine to Eliphaz Esau's son; and she bare to Eliphaz Amalek: these are the sons of Adah, Esau's wife. And Thamna was the concubine of Eliphaz the son of Esau: and she bore him Amalech. These are the sons of Ada the wife of Esau. And Timna was concubine to Eliphaz Esau's son, and she bore Amalek to Eliphaz. These are the sons of Adah Esau's wife. And Timna was concubine to Eliphaz Esau's son; and she bare to Eliphaz Amalek: these are the sons of Adah Esau's wife. And Timna was concubine to Eliphaz Esau's son; and she bore to Eliphaz Amalek: these were the sons of Adah Esau's wife. Timna was concubine to Eliphaz, Esau's son; and she bore to Eliphaz Amalek. These are the sons of Adah, Esau's wife. And Timnath hath been concubine to Eliphaz son of Esau, and she beareth to Eliphaz, Amalek; these are sons of Adah wife of Esau. And Timna was concubine to Eliphaz Esau's son; and she bore to Eliphaz Amalek: these were the sons of Adah Esau's wife.
Genesis 36:13 And these are the sons of Reuel; Nahath, and Zerah, Shammah, and Mizzah: these were the sons of Bashemath Esau's wife. And these are the sons of Reuel: Nahath, and Zerah, Shammah, and Mizzah: these were the sons of Basemath, Esau's wife. And the sons of Rahuel were Nahath and Zara, Samma and Meza. These were the sons of Basemath the wife of Esau. And these are the sons of Reuel: Nahath and Zerah, Shammah and Mizzah. These are the sons of Basmath Esau's wife. And these are the sons of Reuel; Nahath, and Zerah, Shammah, and Mizzah: these were the sons of Basemath Esau's wife. And these are the sons of Reuel; Nahath, and Zerah, Shammah, and Mizzah: these were the sons of Bashemath Esau's wife. These are the sons of Reuel: Nahath, Zerah, Shammah, and Mizzah. These were the sons of Basemath, Esau's wife. And these are sons of Reuel: Nahath and Zerah, Shammah and Mizzah; these were sons of Bashemath wife of Esau. And these are the sons of Reuel; Nahath, and Zerah, Shammah, and Mizzah: these were the sons of Bashemath Esau's wife.
Genesis 36:14 And these were the sons of Aholibamah, the daughter of Anah the daughter of Zibeon, Esau's wife: and she bare to Esau Jeush, and Jaalam, and Korah. And these were the sons of Oholibamah the daughter of Anah, the daughter of Zibeon, Esau's wife: and she bare to Esau Jeush, and Jalam, and Korah. And these were the sons of Oolibama, the daughter of Ana, the daughter of Sebeon, the wife of Esau, whom she bore to him, Jehus, and Ihelon, and Core. And these are the sons of Oholibamah, the daughter of Anah, daughter of Zibeon, Esau's wife: and she bore to Esau Jeush and Jaalam and Korah. And these were the sons of Oholibamah the daughter of Anah, the daughter of Zibeon, Esau's wife: and she bare to Esau Jeush, and Jalam, and Korah. And these were the sons of Aholibamah, the daughter of Anah, the daughter of Zibeon Esau's wife: and she bore to Esau, Jeush, and Jaalam, and Korah. These were the sons of Oholibamah, the daughter of Anah, the daughter of Zibeon, Esau's wife: she bore to Esau Jeush, Jalam, and Korah. And these have been the sons of Aholibamah daughter of Anah, daughter of Zibeon, wife of Esau; and she beareth to Esau, Jeush and Jaalam and Korah. And these were the sons of Aholibamah, the daughter of Anah the daughter of Zibeon, Esau's wife: and she bore to Esau Jeush, and Jaalam, and Korah.
Genesis 36:15 These were dukes of the sons of Esau: the sons of Eliphaz the firstborn son of Esau; duke Teman, duke Omar, duke Zepho, duke Kenaz, These are the chiefs of the sons of Esau: the sons of Eliphaz the first-born of Esau: chief Teman, chief Omar, chief Zepho, chief Kenaz, These were dukes of the sons of Esau: the sons of Eliphaz the firstborn of Esau: duke Theman, duke Omar, duke Sepho, duke Cenez,  These are the chiefs of the sons of Esau. The sons of Eliphaz, the firstborn of Esau: chief Teman, chief Omar, chief Zepho, chief Kenaz, These are the dukes of the sons of Esau: the sons of Eliphaz the firstborn of Esau; duke Teman, duke Omar, duke Zepho, duke Kenaz, These were dukes of the sons of Esau: the sons of Eliphaz the first-born son of Esau; duke Teman, duke Omar, duke Zepho, duke Kenaz, These are the chiefs of the sons of Esau: the sons of Eliphaz the firstborn of Esau: chief Teman, chief Omar, chief Zepho, chief Kenaz, These are chiefs of the sons of Esau: sons of Eliphaz, first-born of Esau: chief Teman, chief Omar, chief Zepho, chief Kenaz, These were dukes of the sons of Esau: the sons of Eliphaz the firstborn son of Esau; duke Teman, duke Omar, duke Zepho, duke Kenaz, 
Genesis 36:16 Duke Korah, duke Gatam, and duke Amalek: these are the dukes that came of Eliphaz in the land of Edom; these were the sons of Adah.chief Korah, chief Gatam, chief Amalek: these are the chiefs that came of Eliphaz in the land of Edom; these are the sons of Adah.Duke Core, duke Gatham, duke Amalech: these are the sons of Eliphaz, in the land of Edom, and these the Bone of Ada. chief Korah, chief Gatam, chief Amalek. These are the chiefs of Eliphaz in the land of Edom; these are the sons of Adah.duke Korah, duke Gatam, duke Amalek: these are the dukes that came of Eliphaz in the land of Edom; these are the sons of Adah.Duke Korah, duke Gatam, and duke Amalek: these are the dukes, descendants of Eliphaz, in the land of Edom: these were the sons of Adah.chief Korah, chief Gatam, chief Amalek: these are the chiefs who came of Eliphaz in the land of Edom; these are the sons of Adah.chief Korah, chief Gatam, chief Amalek; these are chiefs of Eliphaz, in the land of Edom; these are sons of Adah.Duke Korah, duke Gatam, and duke Amalek: these are the dukes that came of Eliphaz in the land of Edom; these were the sons of Adah.
Genesis 36:17 And these are the sons of Reuel Esau's son; duke Nahath, duke Zerah, duke Shammah, duke Mizzah: these are the dukes that came of Reuel in the land of Edom; these are the sons of Bashemath Esau's wife. And these are the sons of Reuel, Esau's son: chief Nahath, chief Zerah, chief Shammah, chief Mizzah: these are the chiefs that came of Reuel in the land of Edom; these are the sons of Basemath, Esau's wife. And these were the sons of Rahuel, the son of Esau: duke Nahath, duke Zara, duke Samma, duke Meza. And these are the dukes of Rahuel, in the land of Edom: these the sons of Base- math the wife of Esau. And these are the sons of Reuel Esau's son: chief Nahath, chief Zerah, chief Shammah, chief Mizzah: these are the chiefs of Reuel in the land of Edom; these are the sons of Basmath Esau's wife. And these are the sons of Reuel Esau's son; duke Nahath, duke Zerah, duke Shammah, duke Mizzah: these are the dukes that came of Reuel in the land of Edom; these are the sons of Basemath Esau's wife. And these are the sons of Reuel Esau's son; duke Nahath, duke Zerah, duke Shammah, duke Mizzah: these are the dukes, descendants of Reuel, in the land of Edom: these are the sons of Bashemath Esau's wife. These are the sons of Reuel, Esau's son: chief Nahath, chief Zerah, chief Shammah, chief Mizzah: these are the chiefs who came of Reuel in the land of Edom; these are the sons of Basemath, Esau's wife. And these are sons of Reuel son of Esau: chief Nahath, chief Zerah, chief Shammah, chief Mizzah; these are chiefs of Reuel, in the land of Edom; these are sons of Bashemath wife of Esau. And these are the sons of Reuel Esau's son; duke Nahath, duke Zerah, duke Shammah, duke Mizzah: these are the dukes that came of Reuel in the land of Edom; these are the sons of Bashemath Esau's wife.
Genesis 36:18 And these are the sons of Aholibamah Esau's wife; duke Jeush, duke Jaalam, duke Korah: these were the dukes that came of Aholibamah the daughter of Anah, Esau's wife. And these are the sons of Oholibamah, Esau's wife: chief Jeush, chief Jalam, chief Korah: these are the chiefs that came of Oholibamah the daughter of Anah, Esau's wife. And these the sons of Oolibama the wife of Esau: duke Jehus, duke Ihelon, duke Core. These are the dukes of Oolibama, the daughter of Ana, and wife of Esau. And these are the sons of Oholibamah Esau's wife: chief Jeush, chief Jaalam, chief Korah; these are the chiefs of Oholibamah the daughter of Anah, Esau's wife. And these are the sons of Oholibamah Esau's wife; duke Jeush, duke Jalam, duke Korah: these are the dukes that came of Oholibamah the daughter of Anah, Esau's wife. And these are the sons of Aholibamah Esau's wife; duke Jeush, duke Jaalam, duke Korah: these were the dukes, descendants of Aholibamah the daughter of Anah Esau's wife. These are the sons of Oholibamah, Esau's wife: chief Jeush, chief Jalam, chief Korah: these are the chiefs who came of Oholibamah the daughter of Anah, Esau's wife. And these are sons of Aholibamah wife of Esau: chief Jeush, chief Jaalam, chief Korah; these are chiefs of Aholibamah daughter of Anah, wife of Esau. And these are the sons of Aholibamah Esau's wife; duke Jeush, duke Jaalam, duke Korah: these were the dukes that came of Aholibamah the daughter of Anah, Esau's wife.
Genesis 36:19 These are the sons of Esau, who is Edom, and these are their dukes. These are the sons of Esau, and these are their chiefs: the same is Edom. These are the sons of Esau, and these the dukes of them: the same is Edom. These are the sons of Esau, and these their chiefs: he is Edom. These are the sons of Esau, and these are their dukes: the same is Edom. These are the sons of Esau (who is Edom) and these are their dukes. These are the sons of Esau (that is, Edom), and these are their chiefs. These are sons of Esau (who is Edom), and these their chiefs. These are the sons of Esau, who is Edom, and these are their dukes.
Genesis 36:20 These are the sons of Seir the Horite, who inhabited the land; Lotan, and Shobal, and Zibeon, and Anah, These are the sons of Seir the Horite, the inhabitants of the land: Lotan and Shobal and Zibeon and Anah, These are the sons of Seir the Horrite, the inhabitants of the land: Lotan, and Sobal, and Sebeon, and Ana,  These are the sons of Seir the Horite, the inhabitant of the land: Lotan, and Shobal, and Zibeon, and Anah, These are the sons of Seir the Horite, the inhabitants of the land; Lotan and Shobal and Zibeon and Anah, These are the sons of Seir the Horite, who inhabited the land; Lotan, and Shobal, and Zibeon, and Anah. These are the sons of Seir the Horite, the inhabitants of the land: Lotan, Shobal, Zibeon, Anah, These are sons of Seir the Horite, the inhabitants of the land: Lotan, and Shobal, and Zibeon, and Anah, These are the sons of Seir the Horite, who inhabited the land; Lotan, and Shobal, and Zibeon, and Anah, 
Genesis 36:21 And Dishon, and Ezer, and Dishan: these are the dukes of the Horites, the children of Seir in the land of Edom. And Dishon and Ezer and Dishan: these are the chiefs that came of the Horites, the children of Seir in the land of Edom. And Dison, and Eser, and Disan. These are dukes of the Horrites, the sons of Seir in the land of Edom. and Dishon, and Ezer, and Dishan. These are the chiefs of the Horites, the sons of Seir in the land of Edom. And Dishon and Ezer and Dishan: these are the dukes that came of the Horites, the children of Seir in the land of Edom. And Dishon, and Ezer, and Dishan: these are the dukes of the Horites, the children of Seir in the land of Edom.Dishon, Ezer, and Dishan. These are the chiefs who came of the Horites, the children of Seir in the land of Edom. And Dishon, and Ezer, and Dishan; these are chiefs of the Horites, sons of Seir, in the land of Edom. And Dishon, and Ezer, and Dishan: these are the dukes of the Horites, the children of Seir in the land of Edom.
Genesis 36:22 And the children of Lotan were Hori and Hemam; and Lotan's sister was Timna. And the children of Lotan were Hori and Heman. And Lotan's sister was Timna. And Lotan had sons: Hori and Heman. And the sister of Lotan was Thamna. And the sons of Lotan were Hori and Hemam; and Lotan's sister was Timna. And the children of Lotan were Hori and Hemam; and Lotan's sister was Timna. And the children of Lotan were Hori, and Heman: and Lotan's sister was Timna. The children of Lotan were Hori and Heman. Lotan's sister was Timna. And the sons of Lotan are Hori and Heman; and a sister of Lotan is Timna. And the children of Lotan were Hori and Hemam; and Lotan's sister was Timna.
Genesis 36:23 And the children of Shobal were these; Alvan, and Manahath, and Ebal, Shepho, and Onam. And these are the children of Shobal: Alvan and Manahath and Ebal, Shepho and Onam. And these the sons of Sobal: Alvan and Manahat, and Ebal, and Sepho, and Oman. And these are the sons of Shobal: Alvan, And Manahath, And Ebal, Shepho And Onam. And these are the children of Shobal; Alvan and Manahath and Ebal, Shepho and Onam. And the children of Shobal were these; Alvan, and Manahath, and Ebal, Shepho, and Onam. These are the children of Shobal: Alvan, Manahath, Ebal, Shepho, and Onam. And these are sons of Shobal: Alvan and Manahath, and Ebal, Shepho and Onam. And the children of Shobal were these; Alvan, and Manahath, and Ebal, Shepho, and Onam.
Genesis 36:24 And these are the children of Zibeon; both Ajah, and Anah: this was that Anah that found the mules in the wilderness, as he fed the asses of Zibeon his father. And these are the children of Zibeon: Aiah and Anah; this is Anah who found the hot springs in the wilderness, as he fed the asses of Zibeon his father. And these the sons of Sebeon: Aia and Ana. This is Ana that found the hot waters in the wilderness, when he fed the asses of Sebeon his father:  And these are the sons of Zibeon: both Ajah And Anah. This is the Anah that found the warm springs in the wilderness as he fed the asses of Zibeon his father. And these are the children of Zibeon; Aiah and Anah: this is Anah who found the hot springs in the wilderness, as he fed the asses of Zibeon his father. And these are the children of Zibeon; both Ajah and Anah; this was that Anah that found the mules in the wilderness, as he fed the asses of Zibeon his father. These are the children of Zibeon: Aiah and Anah. This is Anah who found the hot springs in the wilderness, as he fed the donkeys of Zibeon his father. And these are sons of Zibeon, both Ajah and Anah: it is Anah that hath found the Imim in the wilderness, in his feeding the asses of Zibeon his father. And these are the children of Zibeon; both Ajah, and Anah: this was that Anah that found the mules in the wilderness, as he fed the asses of Zibeon his father.
Genesis 36:25 And the children of Anah were these; Dishon, and Aholibamah the daughter of Anah. And these are the children of Anah: Dishon and Oholibamah the daughter of Anah. And he had a son Dison, and a daughter Oolibama. And these are the sons of Anah: Dishon, And Oholibamah the daughter of Anah. And these are the children of Anah; Dishon and Oholibamah the daughter of Anah. And the children of Anah were these; Dishon, and Aholibamah the daughter of Anah. These are the children of Anah: Dishon and Oholibamah, the daughter of Anah. And these are sons of Anah: Dishon, and Aholibamah daughter of Anah. And the children of Anah were these; Dishon, and Aholibamah the daughter of Anah.
Genesis 36:26 And these are the children of Dishon; Hemdan, and Eshban, and Ithran, and Cheran. And these are the children of Dishon: Hemdan and Eshban and Ithran and Cheran. And these were the sons of Dison: Hamdan, and Eseban, and Jethram, and Charan. And these are the sons of Dishon: Hemdan, And Eshban, And Ithran, And Cheran. And these are the children of Dishon; Hemdan and Eshban and Ithran and Cheran. And these are the children of Dishon; Hemdan, and Eshban, and Ithran, and Cheran. These are the children of Dishon: Hemdan, Eshban, Ithran, and Cheran. And these are sons of Dishon: Hemdan, and Eshban, and Ithran, and Cheran. And these are the children of Dishon; Hemdan, and Eshban, and Ithran, and Cheran.
Genesis 36:27 The children of Ezer are these; Bilhan, and Zaavan, and Akan. These are the children of Ezer: Bilhan and Zaavan and Akan. These also were the sons of Eser: Balaan, and Zavan, and Acan. these are the sons of Ezer: Bilhan, And Zaavan, And Akan. These are the children of Ezer; Bilhan and Zaavan and Akan. The children of Ezer are these; Bilhan, and Zaavan, and Achan. These are the children of Ezer: Bilhan, Zaavan, and Akan. These are sons of Ezer: Bilhan, and Zaavan, and Akan. The children of Ezer are these; Bilhan, and Zaavan, and Akan.
Genesis 36:28 The children of Dishan are these; Uz, and Aran. These are the children of Dishan: Uz and Aran. And Disan had sons : Hus, and Aram. these are the sons of Dishan: Uz And Aran. These are the children of Dishan; Uz and Aran. The children of Dishan are these; Uz, and Aran. These are the children of Dishan: Uz and Aran. These are sons of Dishan: Uz and Aran. The children of Dishan are these; Uz, and Aran.
Genesis 36:29 These are the dukes that came of the Horites; duke Lotan, duke Shobal, duke Zibeon, duke Anah, These are the chiefs that came of the Horites: chief Lotan, chief Shobal, chief Zibeon, chief Anah, These were dukes of the Horrites: duke Lotan, duke Sobal, duke Sebeon, duke Ana,  These are the chiefs of the Horites: chief Lotan, chief Shobal, chief Zibeon, chief Anah, These are the dukes that came of the Horites; duke Lotan, duke Shobal, duke Zibeon, duke Anah, These are the dukes, descendants of the Horites; duke Lotan, duke Shobal, duke Zibeon, duke Anah, These are the chiefs who came of the Horites: chief Lotan, chief Shobal, chief Zibeon, chief Anah, These are chiefs of the Horite: chief Lotan, chief Shobal, chief Zibeon, chief Anah, These are the dukes that came of the Horites; duke Lotan, duke Shobal, duke Zibeon, duke Anah, 
Genesis 36:30 Duke Dishon, duke Ezer, duke Dishan: these are the dukes that came of Hori, among their dukes in the land of Seir.chief Dishon, chief Ezer, chief Dishan: these are the chiefs that came of the Horites, according to their chiefs in the land of Seir.Duke Dison, duke Eser, duke Disan: these were dukes of the Horrites that ruled in the land of Seir. chief Dishon, chief Ezer, chief Dishan. These are the chiefs of the Horites, according to their chiefs in the land of Seir.duke Dishon, duke Ezer, duke Dishan: these are the dukes that came of the Horites, according to their dukes in the land of Seir.Duke Dishon, duke Ezer, duke Dishan; these are the dukes, descendants of Hori, among their dukes in the land of Seir.chief Dishon, chief Ezer, and chief Dishan: these are the chiefs who came of the Horites, according to their chiefs in the land of Seir.chief Dishon, chief Ezer, chief Dishan: these are chiefs of the Horite in reference to their chiefs in the land of Seir.Duke Dishon, duke Ezer, duke Dishan: these are the dukes that came of Hori, among their dukes in the land of Seir.
Genesis 36:31 And these are the kings that reigned in the land of Edom, before there reigned any king over the children of Israel. And these are the kings that reigned in the land of Edom, before there reigned any king over the children of Israel. And the kings that ruled in the land of Edom, before the children of Israel had a king were these:  And these are the kings that reigned in the land of Edom before there reigned a king over the children of Israel. And these are the kings that reigned in the land of Edom, before there reigned any king over the children of Israel. And these are the kings that reigned in the land of Edom, before there reigned any king over the children of Israel. These are the kings who reigned in the land of Edom, before any king reigned over the children of Israel. And these are the kings who have reigned in the land of Edom before the reigning of a king over the sons of Israel. And these are the kings that reigned in the land of Edom, before there reigned any king over the children of Israel.
Genesis 36:32 And Bela the son of Beor reigned in Edom: and the name of his city was Dinhabah. And Bela the son of Beor reigned in Edom; and the name of his city was Dinhabah.Bela the son of Beer, and the name of his city Denaba. And Bela the son of Beor reigned in Edom; and the name of his city was Dinhabah. And Bela the son of Beor reigned in Edom; and the name of his city was Dinhabah. And Bela the son of Beor reigned in Edom: and the name of his city was Dinhabah.Bela, the son of Beor, reigned in Edom. The name of his city was Dinhabah. And Bela son of Beor reigneth in Edom, and the name of his city is Dinhabah; And Bela the son of Beor reigned in Edom: and the name of his city was Dinhabah.
Genesis 36:33 And Bela died, and Jobab the son of Zerah of Bozrah reigned in his stead. And Bela died, and Jobab the son of Zerah of Bozrah reigned in his stead. And Bela died, and Jobab the son of Zara of Bosra reigned in his stead. And Bela died; and Jobab the son of Zerah of Bozrah reigned in his stead. And Bela died, and Jobab the son of Zerah of Bozrah reigned in his stead. And Bela died, and Jobab the son of Zerah of Bozrah reigned in his stead.Bela died, and Jobab, the son of Zerah of Bozrah, reigned in his place. And Bela dieth, and reign in his stead doth Jobab son of Zerah from Bozrah; And Bela died, and Jobab the son of Zerah of Bozrah reigned in his stead.
Genesis 36:34 And Jobab died, and Husham of the land of Temani reigned in his stead. And Jobab died, and Husham of the land of the Temanites reigned in his stead. And when Jobab was dead, Husam of the land of the Themanites reigned in his stead. And Jobab died; and Husham of the land of the Temanites reigned in his stead. And Jobab died, and Husham of the land of the Temanites reigned in his stead. And Jobab died, and Husham of the land of Temani reigned in his stead.Jobab died, and Husham of the land of the Temanites reigned in his place. And Jobab dieth, and reign in his stead doth Husham from the land of the Temanite. And Jobab died, and Husham of the land of Temani reigned in his stead.
Genesis 36:35 And Husham died, and Hadad the son of Bedad, who smote Midian in the field of Moab, reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Avith. And Husham died, and Hadad the son of Bedad, who smote Midian in the field of Moab, reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Avith. And after his death, Adad the son of Badad reigned in his stead, who defeated the Madianites in the country of Moab: and the name of his city was Avith. And Husham died; and Hadad the son of Bedad, who smote Midian in the fields of Moab, reigned in his stead. And the name of his city was Avith. And Husham died, and Hadad the son of Bedad, who smote Midian in the field of Moab, reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Avith. And Husham died, and Hadad the son of Bedad (who smote Midian in the field of Moab) reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Avith.Husham died, and Hadad, the son of Bedad, who struck Midian in the field of Moab, reigned in his place. The name of his city was Avith. And Husham dieth, and reign in his stead doth Hadad son of Bedad (who smiteth Midian in the field of Moab), and the name of his city is Avith; And Husham died, and Hadad the son of Bedad, who smote Midian in the field of Moab, reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Avith.
Genesis 36:36 And Hadad died, and Samlah of Masrekah reigned in his stead. And Hadad died, and Samlah of Masrekah reigned in his stead. And when Adad was dead, there reigned in his stead, Semla of Masreca. And Hadad died; and Samlah of Masrekah reigned in his stead. And Hadad died, and Samlah of Masrekah reigned in his stead. And Hadad died, and Samlah of Masrekah reigned in his stead.Hadad died, and Samlah of Masrekah reigned in his place. And Hadad dieth, and reign in his stead doth Samlah of Masrekah; And Hadad died, and Samlah of Masrekah reigned in his stead.
Genesis 36:37 And Samlah died, and Saul of Rehoboth by the river reigned in his stead. And Samlah died, and Shaul of Rehoboth by the River reigned in his stead. And he being dead, Saul of the river Rohoboth, reigned in his stead. And Samlah died; and Saul of Rehoboth on the river reigned in his stead. And Samlah died, and Shaul of Rehoboth by the River reigned in his stead. And Samlah died, and Saul of Rehoboth by the river reigned in his stead. Samlah died, and Shaul of Rehoboth by the river, reigned in his place. And Samlah dieth, and reign in his stead doth Saul from Rehoboth of the River; And Samlah died, and Saul of Rehoboth by the river reigned in his stead.
Genesis 36:38 And Saul died, and Baalhanan the son of Achbor reigned in his stead. And Shaul died, and Baal-hanan the son of Achbor reigned in his stead. And when he also was dead, Balanan the son of Achobor succeeded to the kingdom. And Saul died; and Baal-hanan the son of Achbor reigned in his stead. And Shaul died, and Baal-hanan the son of Achbor reigned in his stead. And Saul died, and Baal-hanan the son of Achbor reigned in his stead. Shaul died, and Baal Hanan, the son of Achbor reigned in his place. And Saul dieth, and reign in his stead doth Baal-hanan son of Achbor; And Saul died, and Baalhanan the son of Achbor reigned in his stead.
Genesis 36:39 And Baalhanan the son of Achbor died, and Hadar reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Pau; and his wife's name was Mehetabel, the daughter of Matred, the daughter of Mezahab. And Baal-hanan the son of Achbor died, and Hadar reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Pau; and his wife's name was Mehetabel, the daughter of Matred, the daughter of Me-zahab. This man also being dead, Adar reigned in his place, and the name of his city was Phau: and his wife was called Meetabel, the daughter of Matred, daughter of Mezaab. And Baal-hanan the son of Achbor died; and Hadar reigned in his stead; and the name of his city was Pau; and his wife's name was Mehetabel, the daughter of Matred daughter of Mezahab. And Baal-hanan the son of Achbor died, and Hadar reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Pau; and his wife's name was Mehetabel, the daughter of Matred, the daughter of Me-zahab. And Baal-hanan the son of Achbor died, and Hadar reigned in his stead; and the name of his city was Pau; and his wife's name was Mehetabel, the daughter of Matred, the daughter of Mezahab.Baal Hanan the son of Achbor died, and Hadar reigned in his place. The name of his city was Pau. His wife's name was Mehetabel, the daughter of Matred, the daughter of Mezahab. And Baal-hanan son of Achbor dieth, and reign in his stead doth Hadar, and the name of his city is Pau; and his wife's name is Mehetabel daughter of Matred, daughter of Me-zahab. And Baalhanan the son of Achbor died, and Hadar reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Pau; and his wife's name was Mehetabel, the daughter of Matred, the daughter of Mezahab.
Genesis 36:40 And these are the names of the dukes that came of Esau, according to their families, after their places, by their names; duke Timnah, duke Alvah, duke Jetheth, And these are the names of the chiefs that came of Esau, according to their families, after their places, by their names: chief Timna, chief Alvah, chief Jetheth, And these are the names of the dukes of Esau in their kindreds, and places, and callings: duke Thamna, duke Alva, duke Jetheth,  And these are the names of the chiefs of Esau, according to their families, after their places, with their names: chief Timna, chief Alvah, chief Jetheth, And these are the names of the dukes that came of Esau, according to their families, after their places, by their names; duke Timna, duke Alvah, duke Jetheth; And these are the names of the dukes, descendants of Esau, according to their families, after their places, by their names; duke Timnah, duke Alvah, duke Jetheth, These are the names of the chiefs who came from Esau, according to their families, after their places, and by their names: chief Timna, chief Alvah, chief Jetheth, And these are the names of the chiefs of Esau, according to their families, according to their places, by their names: chief Timnah, chief Alvah, chief Jetheth, And these are the names of the dukes that came of Esau, according to their families, after their places, by their names; duke Timnah, duke Alvah, duke Jetheth, 
Genesis 36:41 Duke Aholibamah, duke Elah, duke Pinon, chief Oholibamah, chief Elah, chief Pinon, Duke Oolibama, duke Ela, duke Phinon,  chief Oholibamah, chief Elah, chief Pinon, duke Oholibamah, duke Elah, duke Pinon; Duke Aholibamah, duke Elah, duke Pinon, chief Oholibamah, chief Elah, chief Pinon, chief Aholibamah, chief Elah, chief Pinon, Duke Aholibamah, duke Elah, duke Pinon, 
Genesis 36:42 Duke Kenaz, duke Teman, duke Mibzar, chief Kenaz, chief Teman, chief Mibzar, Duke Cenez, duke Theman, duke Mabsar,  chief Kenaz, chief Teman, chief Mibzar, duke Kenaz, duke Teman, duke Mibzar; Duke Kenaz, duke Teman, duke Mibzar.chief Kenaz, chief Teman, chief Mibzar, chief Kenaz, chief Teman, chief Mibzar, Duke Kenaz, duke Teman, duke Mibzar, 
Genesis 36:43 Duke Magdiel, duke Iram: these be the dukes of Edom, according to their habitations in the land of their possession: he is Esau the father of the Edomites.chief Magdiel, chief Iram: these are the chiefs of Edom, according to their habitations in the land of their possession. This is Esau, the father of the Edomites.Duke Magdiel, duke Hiram: these are the dukes of Edom dwelling in the land of their government; the same is Esau the father of the Edomites. chief Magdiel, chief Iram. These are the chiefs of Edom, according to their dwelling-places in the land of their possession. This is Esau, the father of Edom.duke Magdiel, duke Iram: these be the dukes of Edom, according to their habitations in the land of their possession. This is Esau the father of the Edomites.Duke Magdiel, duke Iram; these are the dukes of Edom, according to their habitations, in the land of their possession: he is Esau the father of the Edomites.chief Magdiel, and chief Iram. These are the chiefs of Edom, according to their habitations in the land of their possession. This is Esau, the father of the Edomites.chief Magdiel, chief Iram: these are chiefs of Edom, in reference to their dwellings, in the land of their possession; he is Esau father of Edom.Duke Magdiel, duke Iram: these be the dukes of Edom, according to their habitations in the land of their possession: he is Esau the father of the Edomites.
Genesis 37:1 And Jacob dwelt in the land wherein his father was a stranger, in the land of Canaan. And Jacob dwelt in the land of his father's sojournings, in the land of Canaan. And Jacob dwelt in the land of Chanaan wherein his father sojourned. And Jacob dwelt in the land where his father sojourned in the land of Canaan. And Jacob dwelt in the land of his father's sojournings, in the land of Canaan. And Jacob dwelt in the land in which his father was a stranger, in the land of Canaan.Jacob lived in the land of his father's travels, in the land of Canaan. And Jacob dwelleth in the land of his father's sojournings &#8212; in the land of Canaan. And Jacob dwelled in the land wherein his father was a stranger, in the land of Canaan.
Genesis 37:2 These are the generations of Jacob. Joseph, being seventeen years old, was feeding the flock with his brethren; and the lad was with the sons of Bilhah, and with the sons of Zilpah, his father's wives: and Joseph brought unto his father their evil report. These are the generations of Jacob. Joseph, being seventeen years old, was feeding the flock with his brethren; and he was a lad with the sons of Bilhah, and with the sons of Zilpah, his father's wives: and Joseph brought the evil report of them unto their father. And these are his generations: Joseph, when he was sixteen years old, was feeding the dock with his brethren, being but a boy: and he was with the sons of and of Zelpha his father's wives : and he accused his brethren to his father of a most wicked crime. These are the generations of Jacob. Joseph, being seventeen years old, fed the flock with his brethren; and he was doing service with the sons of Bilhah, and with the sons of Zilpah, his father's wives. And Joseph brought to his father an evil report of them. These are the generations of Jacob. Joseph, being seventeen years old, was feeding the flock with his brethren; and he was a lad with the sons of Bilhah, and with the sons of Zilpah, his father's wives: and Joseph brought the evil report of them unto their father. These are the generations of Jacob. Joseph being seventeen years old, was feeding the flock with his brethren, and the lad was with the sons of Bilhah, and with the sons of Zilpah, his father's wives: and Joseph brought to his father their evil report. This is the history of the generations of Jacob. Joseph, being seventeen years old, was feeding the flock with his brothers. He was a boy with the sons of Bilhah and Zilpah, his father's wives. Joseph brought an evil report of them to their father. These are births of Jacob: Joseph, a son of seventeen years, hath been enjoying himself with his brethren among the flock, (and he is a youth,) with the sons of Bilhah, and with the sons of Zilpah, his father's wives, and Joseph bringeth in an account of their evil unto their father. These are the generations of Jacob. Joseph, being seventeen years old, was feeding the flock with his brothers; and the lad was with the sons of Bilhah, and with the sons of Zilpah, his father's wives: and Joseph brought to his father their evil report.
Genesis 37:3 Now Israel loved Joseph more than all his children, because he was the son of his old age: and he made him a coat of many colours.Now Israel loved Joseph more than all his children, because he was the son of his old age: and he made him a coat of many colors.Now Israel loved Joseph above all his sons, because he had him in his old age: and he made him a coat of divers colours. And Israel loved Joseph more than all his sons, because he was son of his old age; and he made him a vest of many colours.Now Israel loved Joseph more than all his children, because he was the son of his old age: and he made him a coat of many colours.Now Israel loved Joseph more than all his children, because he was the son of his old age: and he made him a coat of many colors.Now Israel loved Joseph more than all his children, because he was the son of his old age, and he made him a coat of many colors. And Israel hath loved Joseph more than any of his sons, for he is a son of his old age, and hath made for him a long coat; Now Israel loved Joseph more than all his children, because he was the son of his old age: and he made him a coat of many colors.
Genesis 37:4 And when his brethren saw that their father loved him more than all his brethren, they hated him, and could not speak peaceably unto him. And his brethren saw that their father loved him more than all his brethren; and they hated him, and could not speak peaceably unto him. And his brethren seeing that he was loved by his father, more than all his sons, hated him, and could not speak peaceably to him. And his brethren saw that their father loved him more than all his brethren, and they hated him, and could not greet him with friendliness. And his brethren saw that their father loved him more than all his brethren; and they hated him, and could not speak peaceably unto him. And when his brethren saw that their father loved him more than all his brethren, they hated him, and could not speak peaceably to him.His brothers saw that their father loved him more than all his brothers, and they hated him, and couldn't speak peaceably to him. And his brethren see that their father hath loved him more than any of his brethren, and they hate him, and have not been able to speak to him peaceably. And when his brothers saw that their father loved him more than all his brothers, they hated him, and could not speak peaceably to him.
Genesis 37:5 And Joseph dreamed a dream, and he told it his brethren: and they hated him yet the more. And Joseph dreamed a dream, and he told it to his brethren: and they hated him yet the more.Now it fell out also that he told his brethren a dream, that he had dreamed: which occasioned them to hate him the more. And Joseph dreamed a dream, and told it to his brethren, and they hated him yet the more. And Joseph dreamed a dream, and he told it to his brethren: and they hated him yet the more. And Joseph dreamed a dream, and he told it to his brethren: and they hated him yet the more.Joseph dreamed a dream, and he told it to his brothers, and they hated him all the more. And Joseph dreameth a dream, and declareth to his brethren, and they add still more to hate him. And Joseph dreamed a dream, and he told it his brothers: and they hated him yet the more.
Genesis 37:6 And he said unto them, Hear, I pray you, this dream which I have dreamed: And he said unto them, Hear, I pray you, this dream which I have dreamed: And he said to them: Hear my dream which I dreamed. And he said to them, Hear, I pray you, this dream, which I have dreamt: And he said unto them, Hear, I pray you, this dream which I have dreamed: And he said to them, Hear, I pray you, this dream which I have dreamed: He said to them, "Please hear this dream which I have dreamed: And he saith unto them, 'Hear ye, I pray you, this dream which I have dreamed: And he said to them, Hear, I pray you, this dream which I have dreamed: 
Genesis 37:7 For, behold, we were binding sheaves in the field, and, lo, my sheaf arose, and also stood upright; and, behold, your sheaves stood round about, and made obeisance to my sheaf.for, behold, we were binding sheaves in the field, and, lo, my sheaf arose, and also stood upright; and, behold, your sheaves came round about, and made obeisance to my sheaf.I thought we were binding sheaves in the field: and my sheaf arose as it were, end stood, and your sheaves standing about, bowed down before my sheaf. Behold, we were binding sheaves in the fields, and lo, my sheaf rose up, and remained standing; and behold, your sheaves came round about and bowed down to my sheaf.for, behold, we were binding sheaves in the field, and, lo, my sheaf arose, and also stood upright; and, behold, your sheaves came round about, and made obeisance to my sheaf.For behold, we were binding sheaves in the field, and lo, my sheaf arose, and also stood upright; and behold, your sheaves stood around and made obeisance to my sheaf.for behold, we were binding sheaves in the field, and behold, my sheaf arose and also stood upright; and behold, your sheaves came around, and bowed down to my sheaf." that, lo, we are binding bundles in the midst of the field, and lo, my bundle hath arisen, and hath also stood up, and lo, your bundles are round about, and bow themselves to my bundle.' For, behold, we were binding sheaves in the field, and, see, my sheaf arose, and also stood upright; and, behold, your sheaves stood round about, and made obeisance to my sheaf.
Genesis 37:8 And his brethren said to him, Shalt thou indeed reign over us? or shalt thou indeed have dominion over us? And they hated him yet the more for his dreams, and for his words. And his brethren said to him, Shalt thou indeed reign over us? Or shalt thou indeed have dominion over us? And they hated him yet the more for his dreams, and for his words.His brethren answered : Shalt thou be our king? or shall we be subject to thy dominion? Therefore this matter of his dreams and words ministered nourishment to their envy and hatred. And his brethren said to him, Wilt thou indeed be a king over us? wilt thou indeed rule over us? And they hated him yet the more for his dreams and for his words. And his brethren said to him, Shalt thou indeed reign over us? or shalt thou indeed have dominion over us? And they hated him yet the more for his dreams, and for his words. And his brethren said to him, Shalt thou indeed reign over us? or shalt thou indeed have dominion over us? and they hated him yet the more for his dreams and for his words.His brothers said to him, "Will you indeed reign over us? Or will you indeed have dominion over us?" They hated him all the more for his dreams and for his words. And his brethren say to him, 'Dost thou certainly reign over us? dost thou certainly rule over us?' and they add still more to hate him, for his dreams, and for his words. And his brothers said to him, Shall you indeed reign over us? or shall you indeed have dominion over us? And they hated him yet the more for his dreams, and for his words.
Genesis 37:9 And he dreamed yet another dream, and told it his brethren, and said, Behold, I have dreamed a dream more; and, behold, the sun and the moon and the eleven stars made obeisance to me. And he dreamed yet another dream, and told it to his brethren, and said, Behold, I have dreamed yet a dream: and, behold, the sun and the moon and eleven stars made obeisance to me.He dreamed also another dream, which he told his brethren, saying: I saw in a dream, as it were the sun, and the moon, and eleven stars worshipping me. And he dreamed yet another dream, and told it to his brethren, and said, Behold, I have dreamt another dream, and behold, the sun and the moon and eleven stars bowed down to me. And he dreamed yet another dream, and told it to his brethren, and said, Behold, I have dreamed yet a dream; and, behold, the sun and the moon and eleven stars made obeisance to me. And he dreamed yet another dream, and told it to his brethren, and said, Behold, I have dreamed a dream more: and behold, the sun and the moon and the eleven stars made obeisance to me.He dreamed yet another dream, and told it to his brothers, and said, "Behold, I have dreamed yet another dream: and behold, the sun and the moon and eleven stars bowed down to me." And he dreameth yet another dream, and recounteth it to his brethren, and saith, 'Lo, I have dreamed a dream again, and lo, the sun and the moon, and eleven stars, are bowing themselves to me.' And he dreamed yet another dream, and told it his brothers, and said, Behold, I have dreamed a dream more; and, behold, the sun and the moon and the eleven stars made obeisance to me.
Genesis 37:10 And he told it to his father, and to his brethren: and his father rebuked him, and said unto him, What is this dream that thou hast dreamed? Shall I and thy mother and thy brethren indeed come to bow down ourselves to thee to the earth? And he told it to his father, and to his brethren; and his father rebuked him, and said unto him, What is this dream that thou hast dreamed? Shall I and thy mother and thy brethren indeed come to bow down ourselves to thee to the earth? And when he had told this to his father and brethren, his father rebuked him, and said: What meaneth this dream that thou hast dreamed? shall I and thy mother, and thy brethren worship thee upon the earth?  And he told it to his father and to his brethren. And his father rebuked him, and said to him, What is this dream which thou hast dreamt? Shall we indeed come, I and thy mother and thy brethren, to bow down ourselves to thee to the earth? And he told it to his father, and to his brethren; and his father rebuked him, and said unto him, What is this dream that thou hast dreamed? Shall I and thy mother and thy brethren indeed come to bow down ourselves to thee to the earth? And he told it to his father, and to his brethren: and his father rebuked him, and said to him, what is this dream that thou hast dreamed? Shall I and thy mother and thy brethren indeed come to bow down ourselves to thee to the earth? He told it to his father and to his brothers. His father rebuked him, and said to him, "What is this dream that you have dreamed? Will I and your mother and your brothers indeed come to bow ourselves down to you to the earth?" And he recounteth unto his father, and unto his brethren; and his father pusheth against him, and saith to him, 'What is this dream which thou hast dreamt? do we certainly come &#8212; I, and thy mother, and thy brethren &#8212; to bow ourselves to thee, to the earth?' And he told it to his father, and to his brothers: and his father rebuked him, and said to him, What is this dream that you have dreamed?  Shall I and your mother and your brothers indeed come to bow down ourselves to you to the earth? 
Genesis 37:11 And his brethren envied him; but his father observed the saying. And his brethren envied him; but his father kept the saying in mind.His brethren therefore envied him: but his father considered the thing with himself. And his brethren envied him; but his father kept the saying. And his brethren envied him; but his father kept the saying in mind. And his brethren envied him; but his father observed the saying.His brothers envied him, but his father kept this saying in mind. And his brethren are zealous against him, and his father hath watched the matter. And his brothers envied him; but his father observed the saying.
Genesis 37:12 And his brethren went to feed their father's flock in Shechem. And his brethren went to feed their father's flock in Shechem. And when his brethren abode in Sichem feeding their father's docks,  And his brethren went to feed their father's flock at Shechem. And his brethren went to feed their father's flock in Shechem. And his brethren went to feed their father's flock in Shechem.His brothers went to feed their father's flock in Shechem. And his brethren go to feed the flock of their father in Shechem, And his brothers went to feed their father's flock in Shechem.
Genesis 37:13 And Israel said unto Joseph, Do not thy brethren feed the flock in Shechem? come, and I will send thee unto them. And he said to him, Here am I. And Israel said unto Joseph, Are not thy brethren feeding the flock in Shechem? Come, and I will send thee unto them. And he said to him, Here am I.Israel said to him : Thy brethren feed the sheep in Sichem: come, I will send thee to them. And when he answered:  And Israel said to Joseph, Do not thy brethren feed the flock at Shechem? Come, that I may send thee to them. And he said to him, Here am I. And Israel said unto Joseph, Do not thy brethren feed the flock in Shechem? come, and I will send thee unto them. And he said to him, Here am I. And Israel said to Joseph, Do not thy brethren feed the flock in Shechem? Come, and I will send thee to them. And he said to him, Here am I.Israel said to Joseph, "Aren't your brothers feeding the flock in Shechem? Come, and I will send you to them." He said to him, "Here I am." and Israel saith unto Joseph, 'Are not thy brethren feeding in Shechem? come, and I send thee unto them;' and he saith to him, 'Here am I;' And Israel said to Joseph, Do not your brothers feed the flock in Shechem? come, and I will send you to them. And he said to him, Here am I.
Genesis 37:14 And he said to him, Go, I pray thee, see whether it be well with thy brethren, and well with the flocks; and bring me word again. So he sent him out of the vale of Hebron, and he came to Shechem. And he said to him, Go now, see whether it is well with thy brethren, and well with the flock; and bring me word again. So he sent him out of the vale of Hebron, and he came to Shechem.I am ready: he said to him: Go, and see if all things be well with thy brethren, and the cattle: and bring me word again what is doing. So being sent from the vale of Hebron, he came to Sichem:  And he said to him, Go, I pray thee, see after the welfare of thy brethren, and after the welfare of the flock; and bring me word again. And he sent him out of the vale of Hebron; and he came towards Shechem. And he said to him, Go now, see whether it be well with thy brethren, and well with the flock; and bring me word again. So he sent him out of the vale of Hebron, and he came to Shechem. And he said to him, Go, I pray thee, see whether it is well with thy brethren, and well with the flocks; and bring me word again. So he sent him from the vale of Hebron, and he came to Shechem.He said to him, "Go now, see whether it is well with your brothers, and well with the flock; and bring me word again." So he sent him out of the valley of Hebron, and he came to Shechem. And he saith to him, 'Go, I pray thee, see the peace of thy brethren, and the peace of the flock, and bring me back word;' and he sendeth him from the valley of Hebron, and he cometh to Shechem. And he said to him, Go, I pray you, see whether it be well with your brothers, and well with the flocks; and bring me word again. So he sent him out of the vale of Hebron, and he came to Shechem.
Genesis 37:15 And a certain man found him, and, behold, he was wandering in the field: and the man asked him, saying, What seekest thou? And a certain man found him, and, behold, he was wandering in the field: and the man asked him, saying, What seekest thou? And a man found him there wandering in the field, and asked what he sought. And a man found him, and behold, he was wandering in the country; and the man asked him, saying, What seekest thou? And a certain man found him, and, behold, he was wandering in the field: and the man asked him, saying, What seekest thou? And a certain man found him, and behold he was wandering in the field: and the man asked him, saying, What seekest thou? A certain man found him, and behold, he was wandering in the field. The man asked him, "What are you looking for?" And a man findeth him, and lo, he is wandering in the field, and the man asketh him, saying, 'What seekest thou?' And a certain man found him, and, behold, he was wandering in the field: and the man asked him, saying, What seek you? 
Genesis 37:16 And he said, I seek my brethren: tell me, I pray thee, where they feed their flocks. And he said, I am seeking my brethren: tell me, I pray thee, where they are feeding the flock .But he answered: I seek my brethren; tell me where they feed the docks. And he said, I am seeking my brethren: tell me, I pray thee, where they feed their flocks. And he said, I seek my brethren: tell me, I pray thee, where they are feeding the flock. And he said, I seek my brethren: tell me, I pray thee, where they feed their flocks.He said, "I am looking for my brothers. Tell me, please, where they are feeding the flock." and he saith, 'My brethren I am seeking, declare to me, I pray thee, where they are feeding?' And he said, I seek my brothers: tell me, I pray you, where they feed their flocks.
Genesis 37:17 And the man said, They are departed hence; for I heard them say, Let us go to Dothan. And Joseph went after his brethren, and found them in Dothan. And the man said, They are departed hence; for I heard them say, Let us go to Dothan. And Joseph went after his brethren, and found them in Dothan. And the man said to him: They are departed from this place: for I heard them say: Let us go to Dothain. And Joseph went forward after his brethren, and found them in Dothain. And the man said, They have removed from this; for I heard them say, Let us go to Dothan. And Joseph went after his brethren, and found them at Dothan. And the man said, They are departed hence: for I heard them say, Let us go to Dothan. And Joseph went after his brethren, and found them in Dothan. And the man said, They have departed hence: for I heard them say, Let us go to Dothan. And Joseph went after his brethren and found them in Dothan. The man said, "They have left here, for I heard them say, 'Let us go to Dothan.'" Joseph went after his brothers, and found them in Dothan. And the man saith, 'They have journeyed from this, for I have heard some saying, Let us go to Dothan,' and Joseph goeth after his brethren, and findeth them in Dothan. And the man said, They are departed hence; for I heard them say, Let us go to Dothan. And Joseph went after his brothers, and found them in Dothan.
Genesis 37:18 And when they saw him afar off, even before he came near unto them, they conspired against him to slay him. And they saw him afar off, and before he came near unto them, they conspired against him to slay him. And when they saw him afar off, be- fore he came nigh them, they thought to kill him. And when they saw him from afar, and before he came near to them, they conspired against him to put him to death. And they saw him afar off, and before he came near unto them, they conspired against him to slay him. And when they saw him afar off, even before he came near to them, they conspired against him to slay him. They saw him afar off, and before he came near to them, they conspired against him to kill him. And they see him from afar, even before he draweth near unto them, and they conspire against him to put him to death. And when they saw him afar off, even before he came near to them, they conspired against him to slay him.
Genesis 37:19 And they said one to another, Behold, this dreamer cometh. And they said one to another, Behold, this dreamer cometh. And said one to another: Behold the dreamer cometh. And they said one to another, Behold, there comes that dreamer! And they said one to another, Behold, this dreamer cometh. And they said one to another, Behold, this dreamer is coming. They said one to another, "Behold, this dreamer comes. And they say one unto another, 'Lo, this man of the dreams cometh; And they said one to another, Behold, this dreamer comes.
Genesis 37:20 Come now therefore, and let us slay him, and cast him into some pit, and we will say, Some evil beast hath devoured him: and we shall see what will become of his dreams.Come now therefore, and let us slay him, and cast him into one of the pits, and we will say, And evil beast hath devoured him: and we shall see what will become of his dreams.Come, let us kill him, and cast him into some old pit : and we will say : Some evil beast hath devoured him: and then it shall appear what his dreams avail him :  And now come and let us kill him, and cast him into one of the pits, and we will say, An evil beast has devoured him; and we will see what becomes of his dreams.Come now therefore, and let us slay him, and cast him into one of the pits, and we will say, An evil beast hath devoured him: and we shall see what will become of his dreams.Come now therefore, and let us slay him, and cast him into some pit; and we will say, Some evil beast hath devoured him; and we shall see what will become of his dreams.Come now therefore, and let's kill him, and cast him into one of the pits, and we will say, 'An evil animal has devoured him.' We will see what will become of his dreams." and now, come, and we slay him, and cast him into one of the pits, and have said, An evil beast hath devoured him; and we see what his dreams are.' Come now therefore, and let us slay him, and cast him into some pit, and we will say, Some evil beast has devoured him: and we shall see what will become of his dreams.
Genesis 37:21 And Reuben heard it, and he delivered him out of their hands; and said, Let us not kill him. And Reuben heard it, and delivered him out of their hand, and said, Let us not take his life. And Ruben hearing this, endeavoured to deliver him out of their hands, end said:  And Reuben heard it, and delivered him out of their hand, and said, Let us not take his life. And Reuben heard it, and delivered him out of their hand; and said, Let us not take his life. And Reuben heard it, and he delivered him from their hands: and said, Let us not kill him.Reuben heard it, and delivered him out of their hand, and said, "Let's not take his life." And Reuben heareth, and delivereth him out of their hand, and saith, 'Let us not smite the life;' And Reuben heard it, and he delivered him out of their hands; and said, Let us not kill him.
Genesis 37:22 And Reuben said unto them, Shed no blood, but cast him into this pit that is in the wilderness, and lay no hand upon him; that he might rid him out of their hands, to deliver him to his father again. And Reuben said unto them, Shed no blood; cast him into this pit that is in the wilderness, but lay no hand upon him: that he might deliver him out of their hand, to restore him to his father.Do not take away his life, nor shed his blood: but cast him into this pit, that is in the wilderness, and keep your hands harmless: now he said this, being desirous to deliver him out of their hands and to restore him to his father. And Reuben said to them, Shed no blood: cast him into this pit which is in the wilderness; but lay no hand upon him in order that he might deliver him out of their hand, to bring him to his father again. And Reuben said unto them, Shed no blood; cast him into this pit that is in the wilderness, but lay no hand upon him: that he might deliver him out of their hand, to restore him to his father. And Reuben said to them, Shed no blood; cast him into this pit that is in the wilderness, and lay no hand upon him; that he might deliver him from their hands, to bring him back to his father.Reuben said to them, "Shed no blood. Throw him into this pit that is in the wilderness, but lay no hand on him"&#8212;that he might deliver him out of their hand, to restore him to his father. And Reuben saith unto them, 'Shed no blood; cast him into this pit which is in the wilderness, and put not forth a hand upon him,' &#8212; in order to deliver him out of their hand, to bring him back unto his father. And Reuben said to them, Shed no blood, but cast him into this pit that is in the wilderness, and lay no hand on him; that he might rid him out of their hands, to deliver him to his father again.
Genesis 37:23 And it came to pass, when Joseph was come unto his brethren, that they stript Joseph out of his coat, his coat of many colours that was on him; And it came to pass, when Joseph was come unto his brethren, that they stripped Joseph of his coat, the coat of many colors that was on him; And as soon as he came to his brethren, they forthwith stript him of his outside coat, that was of divers colours:  And it came to pass when Joseph came to his brethren, that they stripped Joseph of his vest, the vest of many colours, which he had on; And it came to pass, when Joseph was come unto his brethren, that they stript Joseph of his coat, the coat of many colours that was on him; And it came to pass when Joseph had come to his brethren, that they stripped Joseph of his coat, his coat of many colors that was on him.It happened, when Joseph came to his brothers, that they stripped Joseph of his coat, the coat of many colors that was on him; And it cometh to pass, when Joseph hath come unto his brethren, that they strip Joseph of his coat, the long coat which is upon him, And it came to pass, when Joseph was come to his brothers, that they stripped Joseph out of his coat, his coat of many colors that was on him; 
Genesis 37:24 And they took him, and cast him into a pit: and the pit was empty, there was no water in it. And they took him, and cast him into the pit: and the pit was empty, there was no water in it. And cast him into an old pit, where there was no water. and they took him and cast him into the pit; now the pit was empty there was no water in it. And they took him, and cast him into the pit: and the pit was empty, there was no water in it. And they took him, and cast him into a pit: and the pit was empty; there was no water in it. And they took him, and threw him into the pit. The pit was empty. There was no water in it. And take him and cast him into the pit, and the pit is empty, there is no water in it. And they took him, and cast him into a pit: and the pit was empty, there was no water in it.
Genesis 37:25 And they sat down to eat bread: and they lifted up their eyes and looked, and, behold, a company of Ishmeelites came from Gilead with their camels bearing spicery and balm and myrrh, going to carry it down to Egypt. And they sat down to eat bread: and they lifted up their eyes and looked, and, behold, a caravan of Ishmaelites was coming from Gilead, with their camels bearing spicery and balm and myrrh, going to carry it down to Egypt. And sitting down to eat bread, they saw some Ismaelites on their way coming from Calaad, with their camels, carrying spices, and balm, and myrrh to Egypt. And they sat down to eat bread; and they lifted up their eyes and looked, and behold, a caravan of Ishmaelites came from Gilead; and their camels bore tragacanth, and balsam, and ladanum going to carry it down to Egypt. And they sat down to eat bread: and they lifted up their eyes and looked, and, behold, a travelling company of Ishmaelites came from Gilead, with their camels bearing spicery and balm and myrrh, going to carry it down to Egypt. And they sat down to eat bread: and they lifted up their eyes and looked, and behold, a company of Ishmaelites came from Gilead, with their camels bearing spicery, and balm, and myrrh, going to carry them down to Egypt. They sat down to eat bread, and they lifted up their eyes and looked, and saw a caravan of Ishmaelites was coming from Gilead, with their camels bearing spices and balm and myrrh, going to carry it down to Egypt. And they sit down to eat bread, and they lift up their eyes, and look, and lo, a company of Ishmaelites coming from Gilead, and their camels bearing spices, and balm, and myrrh, going to take them down to Egypt. And they sat down to eat bread: and they lifted up their eyes and looked, and, behold, a company of Ishmeelites came from Gilead with their camels bearing spices and balm and myrrh, going to carry it down to Egypt.
Genesis 37:26 And Judah said unto his brethren, What profit is it if we slay our brother, and conceal his blood? And Judah said unto his brethren, What profit is it if we slay our brother and conceal his blood? And Juda said to his brethren: What will it profit us to kill our brother, and conceal his blood?  And Judah said to his brethren, What profit is it that we kill our brother and secrete his blood? And Judah said unto his brethren, What profit is it if we slay our brother and conceal his blood? And Judah said to his brethren, What profit is it if we slay our brother, and conceal his blood.Judah said to his brothers, "What profit is it if we kill our brother and conceal his blood? And Judah saith unto his brethren, 'What gain when we slay our brother, and have concealed his blood? And Judah said to his brothers, What profit is it if we slay our brother, and conceal his blood? 
Genesis 37:27 Come, and let us sell him to the Ishmeelites, and let not our hand be upon him; for he is our brother and our flesh. And his brethren were content.Come, and let us sell him to the Ishmaelites, and let not our hand be upon him; for he is our brother, our flesh. And his brethren hearkened unto him.It is better that he be sold to the Ismaelites, and that our hands be not defiled: for he is our brother and our flesh. His brethren agreed to his words. Come and let us sell him to the Ishmaelites; but let not our hand be upon him; for he is our brother, our flesh. And his brethren hearkened to him.Come, and let us sell him to the Ishmaelites, and let not our hand be upon him; for he is our brother, our flesh. And his brethren hearkened unto him.Come, and let us sell him to the Ishmaelites, and let not our hand be upon him; for he is our brother, our flesh: and his brethren were content.Come, and let's sell him to the Ishmaelites, and not let our hand be on him; for he is our brother, our flesh." His brothers listened to him.Come, and we sell him to the Ishmaelites, and our hands are not on him, for he is our brother &#8212; our flesh;' and his brethren hearken.Come, and let us sell him to the Ishmeelites, and let not our hand be on him; for he is our brother and our flesh. And his brothers were content.
Genesis 37:28 Then there passed by Midianites merchantmen; and they drew and lifted up Joseph out of the pit, and sold Joseph to the Ishmeelites for twenty pieces of silver: and they brought Joseph into Egypt. And there passed by Midianites, merchantmen; and they drew and lifted up Joseph out of the pit, and sold Joseph to the Ishmaelites for twenty pieces of silver. And they brought Joseph into Egypt. And when the Madianite merchants passed by, they drew him out of the pit, and sold him to the Ismaelites, for twenty pieces of silver: and they led him into Egypt. And Midianitish men, merchants, passed by; and they drew and lifted up Joseph out of the pit, and sold Joseph to the Ishmaelites for twenty silver-pieces; and they brought Joseph to Egypt. And there passed by Midianites, merchantmen; and they drew and lifted up Joseph out of the pit, and sold Joseph to the Ishmaelites for twenty pieces of silver. And they brought Joseph into Egypt. Then there passed by Midianites, merchants; and they drew and lifted Joseph out of the pit, and sold Joseph to the Ishmaelites for twenty pieces of silver: and they brought Joseph into Egypt.Midianites who were merchants passed by, and they drew and lifted up Joseph out of the pit, and sold Joseph to the Ishmaelites for twenty pieces of silver. They brought Joseph into Egypt. And Midianite merchantmen pass by and they draw out and bring up Joseph out of the pit, and sell Joseph to the Ishmaelites for twenty silverlings, and they bring Joseph into Egypt. Then there passed by Midianites merchants; and they drew and lifted up Joseph out of the pit, and sold Joseph to the Ishmeelites for twenty pieces of silver: and they brought Joseph into Egypt.
Genesis 37:29 And Reuben returned unto the pit; and, behold, Joseph was not in the pit; and he rent his clothes. And Reuben returned unto the pit; and, behold, Joseph was not in the pit; and he rent his clothes. And Ruben, returning to the pit, found not the boy:  And Reuben returned to the pit, and behold, Joseph was not in the pit; and he rent his garments, And Reuben returned unto the pit; and, behold, Joseph was not in the pit; and he rent his clothes. And Reuben returned to the pit; and behold, Joseph was not in the pit: and he rent his clothes.Reuben returned to the pit; and saw that Joseph wasn't in the pit; and he tore his clothes. And Reuben returneth unto the pit, and lo, Joseph is not in the pit, and he rendeth his garments, And Reuben returned to the pit; and, behold, Joseph was not in the pit; and he rent his clothes.
Genesis 37:30 And he returned unto his brethren, and said, The child is not; and I, whither shall I go? And he returned unto his brethren, and said, The child is not; and I, whither shall I go? And rending his garments he went to his brethren, and said: The boy doth not appear and whither shall I go?  and returned to his brethren, and said, The child is not; and I, where shall I go? And he returned unto his brethren, and said, The child is not; and I, whither shall I go? And he returned to his brethren, and said, The child is not: and I, whither shall I go? He returned to his brothers, and said, "The child is no more; and I, where will I go?" and he returneth unto his brethren, and saith, 'The lad is not, and I &#8212; whither am I going?' And he returned to his brothers, and said, The child is not; and I, where shall I go? 
Genesis 37:31 And they took Joseph's coat, and killed a kid of the goats, and dipped the coat in the blood; And they took Joseph's coat, and killed a he-goat, and dipped the coat in the blood; And they took his coat, and dipped it in the blood of a kid, which they had killed :  And they took Joseph's vest, and slaughtered a buck of the goats, and dipped the vest in the blood; And they took Joseph's coat, and killed a he-goat, and dipped the coat in the blood; And they took Joseph's coat, and killed a kid of the goats, and dipped the coat in the blood: They took Joseph's coat, and killed a male goat, and dipped the coat in the blood. And they take the coat of Joseph, and slaughter a kid of the goats, and dip the coat in the blood, And they took Joseph's coat, and killed a kid of the goats, and dipped the coat in the blood; 
Genesis 37:32 And they sent the coat of many colours, and they brought it to their father; and said, This have we found: know now whether it be thy son's coat or no. And they sent the coat of many colors, and they brought it to their father, and said, This have we found: know now whether it is thy son's coat or not. Sending some to carry it to their father, and to say: This we have found: see whether it be thy son's coat, or not. and they sent the vest of many colours and had it carried to their father, and said, This have we found: discern now whether it is thy son's vest or not. And they sent the coat of many colours, and they brought it to their father; and said, This have we found: know now whether it be thy son's coat or not. And they sent the coat of many colors, and they brought it to their father; and said, This have we found: know now whether it is thy son's coat or not. They took the coat of many colors, and they brought it to their father, and said, "We have found this. Examine it, now, whether it is your son's coat or not." and send the long coat, and they bring it in unto their father, and say, 'This have we found; discern, we pray thee, whether it is thy son's coat or not?' And they sent the coat of many colors, and they brought it to their father; and said, This have we found: know now whether it be your son's coat or no.
Genesis 37:33 And he knew it, and said, It is my son's coat; an evil beast hath devoured him; Joseph is without doubt rent in pieces. And he knew it, and said, It is my son's coat: an evil beast hath devoured him; Joseph is without doubt torn in pieces. And the father acknowledging it, said: It is my son's coat, an evil wild beast hath eaten him, a beast hath devoured Joseph. And he discerned it, and said, It is my son's vest! an evil beast has devoured him: Joseph is without doubt rent in pieces! And he knew it, and said, It is my son's coat; an evil beast hath devoured him; Joseph is without doubt torn in pieces. And he knew it, and said, It is my son's coat; an evil beast hath devoured him: Joseph is without doubt rent in pieces.He recognized it, and said, "It is my son's coat. An evil animal has devoured him. Joseph is without doubt torn in pieces." And he discerneth it, and saith, 'My son's coat! an evil beast hath devoured him; torn &#8212; torn is Joseph!' And he knew it, and said, It is my son's coat; an evil beast has devoured him; Joseph is without doubt rent in pieces.
Genesis 37:34 And Jacob rent his clothes, and put sackcloth upon his loins, and mourned for his son many days. And Jacob rent his garments, and put sackcloth upon his loins, and mourned for his son many days. And tearing his garments, he put an sackcloth, mourning for his son a long time. And Jacob rent his clothes, and put sackcloth on his loins, and mourned for his son many days. And Jacob rent his garments, and put sackcloth upon his loins, and mourned for his son many days. And Jacob rent his clothes, and put sackcloth on his loins, and mourned for his son many days.Jacob tore his clothes, and put sackcloth on his waist, and mourned for his son many days. And Jacob rendeth his raiment, and putteth sackcloth on his loins, and becometh a mourner for his son many days, And Jacob rent his clothes, and put sackcloth on his loins, and mourned for his son many days.
Genesis 37:35 And all his sons and all his daughters rose up to comfort him; but he refused to be comforted; and he said, For I will go down into the grave unto my son mourning. Thus his father wept for him. And all his sons and all his daughters rose up to comfort him; but he refused to be comforted; and he said, For I will go down to Sheol to my son mourning. And his father wept for him. And alibis children being gathered together to comfort their father in his sorrow, he would not receive comfort, but said: I will go down to my son into hell, mourning. And whilst he continued weeping,  And all his sons and all his daughters rose up to comfort him, but he refused to be comforted, and said, For I will go down to my son into Sheol mourning. Thus his father wept for him. And all his sons and all his daughters rose up to comfort him; but he refused to be comforted; and he said, For I will go down to the grave to my son mourning. And his father wept for him. And all his sons and all his daughters rose up to comfort him; but he refused to be comforted; and he said, For I will go down into the grave to my son mourning: Thus his father wept for him. All his sons and all his daughters rose up to comfort him, but he refused to be comforted. He said, "For I will go down to Sheol to my son mourning." His father wept for him. And all his sons and all his daughters rise to comfort him, and he refuseth to comfort himself, and saith, 'For &#8212; I go down mourning unto my son, to Sheol,' and his father weepeth for him. And all his sons and all his daughters rose up to comfort him; but he refused to be comforted; and he said, For I will go down into the grave to my son mourning. Thus his father wept for him.
Genesis 37:36 And the Midianites sold him into Egypt unto Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh's, and captain of the guard. And the Midianites sold him into Egypt unto Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh's, the captain of the guard. The Madianites sold Joseph in Egypt to Putiphar, an eunuch of Pharao, captain of the soldiers. And the Midianites sold him into Egypt, to Potiphar, a chamberlain of Pharaoh, the captain of the life-guard. And the Midianites sold him into Egypt unto Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh's, the captain of the guard. And the Midianites sold him into Egypt to Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh's, and captain of the guard. The Midianites sold him into Egypt to Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh's, the captain of the guard. And the Medanites have sold him unto Egypt, to Potiphar, a eunuch of Pharaoh, head of the executioners. And the Midianites sold him into Egypt to Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh's, and captain of the guard.
Genesis 38:1 And it came to pass at that time, that Judah went down from his brethren, and turned in to a certain Adullamite, whose name was Hirah. And it came to pass at that time, that Judah went down from his brethren, and turned in to a certain Adullamite, whose name was Hirah. At that time Juda went down from his brethren, and turned in to a certain Odollamite, named Hiras. And it came to pass at that time, that Judah went down from his brethren, and turned in to a man of Adullam whose name was Hirah. And it came to pass at that time, that Judah went down from his brethren, and turned in to a certain Adullamite, whose name was Hirah. And it came to pass at that time, that Judah went down from his brethren, and turned in to a certain Adullamite, whose name was Hirah.It happened at that time, that Judah went down from his brothers, and visited a certain Adullamite, whose name was Hirah. And it cometh to pass, at that time, that Judah goeth down from his brethren, and turneth aside unto a man, an Adullamite, whose name is Hirah; And it came to pass at that time, that Judah went down from his brothers, and turned in to a certain Adullamite, whose name was Hirah.
Genesis 38:2 And Judah saw there a daughter of a certain Canaanite, whose name was Shuah; and he took her, and went in unto her. And Judah saw there a daughter of a certain Canaanite whose name was Shua. And he took her, and went in unto her. And he saw there the daughter of a man of Chanaan, called Sue: and taking her to wife, he went in unto her. And Judah saw there the daughter of a Canaanitish man whose name was Shua; and he took her, and went in to her. And Judah saw there a daughter of a certain Canaanite whose name was Shua; and he took her, and went in unto her. And Judah saw there a daughter of a certain Canaanite, whose name was Shuah; and he took her, and went in to her.Judah saw there a daughter of a certain Canaanite whose name was Shua. He took her, and went in to her. And Judah seeth there the daughter of a man, a Canaanite, whose name is Shuah, and taketh her, and goeth in unto her. And Judah saw there a daughter of a certain Canaanite, whose name was Shuah; and he took her, and went in to her.
Genesis 38:3 And she conceived, and bare a son; and he called his name Er. And she conceived, and bare a son; and he called his name Er. And she conceived, and bore a son, and called his name Her. And she conceived and bore a son; and he called his name Er. And she conceived, and bare a son; and he called his name Er. And she conceived, and bore a son; and he called his name Er. She conceived, and bore a son; and he named him Er. And she conceiveth, and beareth a son, and he calleth his name Er; And she conceived, and bore a son; and he called his name Er.
Genesis 38:4 And she conceived again, and bare a son; and she called his name Onan. And she conceived again, and bare a son; and she called his name Onan. And conceiving again, she bore a son, and called him Onan. And she again conceived and bore a son, and she called his name Onan. And she conceived again, and bare a son; and she called his name Onan. And she conceived again, and bore a son; and she called his name Onan. She conceived again, and bore a son; and she named him Onan. And she conceiveth again, and beareth a son, and calleth his name Onan; And she conceived again, and bore a son; and she called his name Onan.
Genesis 38:5 And she yet again conceived, and bare a son; and called his name Shelah: and he was at Chezib, when she bare him. And she yet again bare a son, and called his name Shelah: and he was at Chezib, when she bare him. She bore also a third: whom she called Sela. after whose birth, she ceased to bear any more. And again she bore a son, and she called his name Shelah; and he was at Chezib when she bore him. And she yet again bare a son, and called his name Shelah: and he was at Chezib, when she bare him. And she yet again conceived, and bore a son; and called his name Shelah: and he was at Chezib, when she bore him. She yet again bore a son, and named him Shelah: and he was at Chezib, when she bore him. And she addeth again, and beareth a son, and calleth his name Shelah; and he was in Chezib in her bearing him. And she yet again conceived, and bore a son; and called his name Shelah: and he was at Chezib, when she bore him.
Genesis 38:6 And Judah took a wife for Er his firstborn, whose name was Tamar. And Judah took a wife for Er his first-born, and her name was Tamar. And Juda took a wife for Her his firstborn, whose name was Thamar. And Judah took a wife for Er his firstborn, and her name was Tamar. And Judah took a wife for Er his firstborn, and her name was Tamar. And Judah took a wife for Er his first-born, whose name was Tamar.Judah took a wife for Er, his firstborn, and her name was Tamar. And Judah taketh a wife for Er, his first-born, and her name is Tamar; And Judah took a wife for Er his firstborn, whose name was Tamar.
Genesis 38:7 And Er, Judah's firstborn, was wicked in the sight of the LORD; and the LORD slew him. And Er, Judah's first-born, was wicked in the sight of Jehovah. And Jehovah slew him. And Her, the firstborn of Juda, was wicked in the sight of the Lord: and was slain by him. And Er, Judah's firstborn, was wicked in the sight of Jehovah, and Jehovah slew him. And Er, Judah's firstborn, was wicked in the sight of the LORD; and the LORD slew him. And Er, Judah's first-born, was wicked in the sight of the LORD; and the LORD slew him.Er, Judah's firstborn, was wicked in the sight of Yahweh. Yahweh killed him. And Er, Judah's first-born, is evil in the eyes of Jehovah, and Jehovah doth put him to death. And Er, Judah's firstborn, was wicked in the sight of the LORD; and the LORD slew him.
Genesis 38:8 And Judah said unto Onan, Go in unto thy brother's wife, and marry her, and raise up seed to thy brother. And Judah said unto Onan, Go in unto thy brother's wife, and perform the duty of a husband's brother unto her, and raise up seed to thy brother.Juda, therefore add to Onan his son: Go in to thy brother's wife and marry her, that thou mayst raise seed to thy brother. Then Judah said to Onan, Go in to thy brother's wife, and fulfil to her the brother-in-law's duty, and raise up seed to thy brother. And Judah said unto Onan, Go in unto thy brother's wife, and perform the duty of an husband's brother unto her, and raise up seed to thy brother. And Judah said to Onan, Go in to thy brother's wife, and marry her, and raise up seed to thy brother.Judah said to Onan, "Go in to your brother's wife, and perform the duty of a husband's brother to her, and raise up seed to your brother." And Judah saith to Onan, 'Go in unto the wife of thy brother, and marry her, and raise up seed to thy brother;' And Judah said to Onan, Go in to your brother's wife, and marry her, and raise up seed to your brother.
Genesis 38:9 And Onan knew that the seed should not be his; and it came to pass, when he went in unto his brother's wife, that he spilled it on the ground, lest that he should give seed to his brother. And Onan knew that the seed would not be his; and it came to pass, when he went in unto his brother's wife, that he spilled it on the ground, lest he should give seed to his brother.He knowing that the children should not be his, when he went in to his brother's wife, spilled his seed upon the ground, lest children should be born in his brother's name. But when Onan knew that the seed should not be his own, it came to pass when he went in to his brother's wife, that he spilled it on the ground, in order to give no seed to his brother. And Onan knew that the seed should not be his; and it came to pass, when he went in unto his brother's wife, that he spilled it on the ground, lest he should give seed to his brother. And Onan knew that the seed would not be his: and it came to pass, when he went in to his brother's wife, that he frustrated the purpose, lest he should give seed to his brother.Onan knew that the seed wouldn't be his; and it happened, when he went in to his brother's wife, that he spilled it on the ground, lest he should give seed to his brother. And Onan knoweth that the seed is not reckoned his; and it hath come to pass, if he hath gone in unto his brother's wife, that he hath destroyed it to the earth, so as not to give seed to his brother; And Onan knew that the seed should not be his; and it came to pass, when he went in to his brother's wife, that he spilled it on the ground, lest that he should give seed to his brother.
Genesis 38:10 And the thing which he did displeased the LORD: wherefore he slew him also. And the thing which he did was evil in the sight of Jehovah: and he slew him also. And therefore the Lord slew him, be- cause he did a detestable thing. And the thing which he did was evil in the sight of Jehovah, and he slew him also. And the thing which he did was evil in the sight of the LORD: and he slew him also. And the thing which he did displeased the LORD: wherefore he slew him also. The thing which he did was evil in the sight of Yahweh, and he killed him also. And that which he hath done is evil in the eyes of Jehovah, and He putteth him also to death. And the thing which he did displeased the LORD: why he slew him also.
Genesis 38:11 Then said Judah to Tamar his daughter in law, Remain a widow at thy father's house, till Shelah my son be grown: for he said, Lest peradventure he die also, as his brethren did. And Tamar went and dwelt in her father's house. Then said Judah to Tamar his daughter-in-law, Remain a widow in thy father's house, till Shelah my son be grown up; for he said, Lest he also die, like his brethren. And Tamar went and dwelt in her father's house.Wherefore Juda said to Thamar his daughter in law: Remain a widow in thy father's house, till Sela my son grow up: for he was afraid lest he also might die, as his brethren did. She went her way and dwelt in her father's house. And Judah said to Tamar his daughter-in-law, Remain a widow in thy father's house, until Shelah my son is grown; for he said, Lest he die also, as his brethren. And Tamar went and remained in her father's house. Then said Judah to Tamar his daughter in law, Remain a widow in thy father's house, till Shelah my son be grown up: for he said, Lest he also die, like his brethren. And Tamar went and dwelt in her father's house. Then said Judah to Tamar his daughter-in-law, Remain a widow at thy father's house, till Shelah my son shall be grown; (for he said, Lest perhaps he die also as his brethren did:) and Tamar went and dwelt in her father's house. Then Judah said to Tamar, his daughter-in-law, "Remain a widow in your father's house, until Shelah, my son, is grown up;" for he said, "Lest he also die, like his brothers." Tamar went and lived in her father's house. And Judah saith to Tamar his daughter-in-law, 'Abide a widow at thy father's house, till Shelah my son groweth up;' for he said, 'Lest he die &#8212; even he &#8212; like his brethren;' and Tamar goeth and dwelleth at her father's house. Then said Judah to Tamar his daughter in law, Remain a widow at your father's house, till Shelah my son be grown: for he said, Lest peradventure he die also, as his brothers did. And Tamar went and dwelled in her father's house.
Genesis 38:12 And in process of time the daughter of Shuah Judah's wife died; and Judah was comforted, and went up unto his sheepshearers to Timnath, he and his friend Hirah the Adullamite. And in process of time Shua's daughter, the wife of Judah, died; and Judah was comforted, and went up unto his sheep-shearers to Timnah, he and his friend Hirah the Adullamite. And after many days were past, the daughter of Sue the wife of Juda died: and when he had taken comfort after his mourning, he went up to Thamnas, to the shearers of his sheep, he and Hiras the Odollamite the shepherd of his flock. And as the days were multiplied, Judah's wife, the daughter of Shua, died. And Judah was comforted, and he went up to his sheep-shearers, to Timnah, he and his friend Hirah the Adullamite. And in process of time Shua's daughter, the wife of Judah, died; and Judah was comforted, and went up unto his sheepshearers to Timnah, he and his friend Hirah the Adullamite. And in process of time, the daughter of Shuah Judah's wife died: and Judah was comforted, and went up to his sheep-shearers to Timnath, he and his friend Hirah the Adullamite. After many days, Shua's daughter, the wife of Judah, died. Judah was comforted, and went up to his sheepshearers to Timnah, he and his friend Hirah, the Adullamite. And the days are multiplied, and the daughter of Shuah, Judah's wife, dieth; and Judah is comforted, and goeth up unto his sheep-shearers, he and Hirah his friend the Adullamite, to Timnath. And in process of time the daughter of Shuah Judah's wife died; and Judah was comforted, and went up to his sheep shearers to Timnath, he and his friend Hirah the Adullamite.
Genesis 38:13 And it was told Tamar, saying, Behold thy father in law goeth up to Timnath to shear his sheep. And it was told Tamar, saying, Behold, thy father-in-law goeth up to Timnah to shear his sheep. And it was told Thamar that her father in law was come up to Thamnas to shear his sheep. And it was told Tamar, saying, Behold thy father-in-law is going up to Timnah to shear his sheep. And it was told Tamar, saying, Behold, thy father in law goeth up to Timnah to shear his sheep. And it was told to Tamar, saying, Behold, thy father-in-law goeth up to Timnath, to shear his sheep.It was told Tamar, saying, "Behold, your father-in-law is going up to Timnah to shear his sheep." And it is declared to Tamar, saying, 'Lo, thy husband's father is going up to Timnath to shear his flock;' And it was told Tamar, saying, Behold your father in law goes up to Timnath to shear his sheep.
Genesis 38:14 And she put her widow's garments off from her, and covered her with a vail, and wrapped herself, and sat in an open place, which is by the way to Timnath; for she saw that Shelah was grown, and she was not given unto him to wife. And she put off from her the garments of her widowhood, and covered herself with her veil, and wrapped herself, and sat in the gate of Enaim, which is by the way to Timnah; for she saw that Shelah was grown up, and she was not given unto him to wife. And she put off the garments of her widowhood, and took a veil: and changing her dress, sat in the cross way, that leadeth to Thamnas: because Sela was grown up, and she had not been married to him. And she put the garments of her widowhood off from her, and covered herself with a veil, and wrapped herself, and sat in the entry of Enaim, which is on the way to Timnah; for she saw that Shelah was grown, and she was not given to him as wife. And she put off from her the garments of her widowhood, and covered herself with her veil, and wrapped herself, and sat in the gate of Enaim, which is by the way to Timnah; for she saw that Shelah was grown up, and she was not given unto him to wife. And she put off from her, her widow's garments, and covered her with a vail, and wrapped herself, and sat in an open place, which is by the way to Timnath: for she saw that Shelah was grown, and she was not given to him for a wife. She took off of her the garments of her widowhood, and covered herself with her veil, and wrapped herself, and sat in the gate of Enaim, which is by the way to Timnah; for she saw that Shelah was grown up, and she wasn't given to him as a wife. And she turneth aside the garments of her widowhood from off her, and covereth herself with a vail, and wrappeth herself up, and sitteth in the opening of Enayim, which is by the way to Timnath, for she hath seen that Shelah hath grown up, and she hath not been given to him for a wife. And she put her widow's garments off from her, and covered her with a veil, and wrapped herself, and sat in an open place, which is by the way to Timnath; for she saw that Shelah was grown, and she was not given to him to wife.
Genesis 38:15 When Judah saw her, he thought her to be an harlot; because she had covered her face.When Judah saw her, he thought her to be a harlot; for she had covered her face.When Juda saw her, he thought she was a harlot: for she had covered her face, lest she should be known. And Judah saw her, and took her for a harlot; because she had covered her face.When Judah saw her, he thought her to be an harlot; for she had covered her face.When Judah saw her, he thought her to be a harlot; because she had covered her face.When Judah saw her, he thought that she was a prostitute, for she had covered her face. And Judah seeth her, and reckoneth her for a harlot, for she hath covered her face, When Judah saw her, he thought her to be an harlot; because she had covered her face.
Genesis 38:16 And he turned unto her by the way, and said, Go to, I pray thee, let me come in unto thee; (for he knew not that she was his daughter in law.) And she said, What wilt thou give me, that thou mayest come in unto me? And he turned unto her by the way, and said, Come, I pray thee, let me come in unto thee: for he knew not that she was his daughter-in-law. And she said, What wilt thou give me, that thou mayest come in unto me? And going to her, he said: Suffer me to lie with thee: for he knew her not to be his daughter in law. And she answered: What wilt thou give me to en joy my company?  And he turned aside to her by the way, and said, Come, I pray thee, let me go in to thee; for he did not know that she was his daughter-in-law. And she said, What wilt thou give me, that thou mayest come in to me? And he turned unto her by the way, and said, Go to, I pray thee, let me come in unto thee: for he knew not that she was his daughter in law. And she said, What wilt thou give me, that thou mayest come in unto me? And he turned to her by the way, and said, Come, I pray thee, let me have access to thee; (for he knew not that she was his daughter-in-law:) and she said, What wilt thou give me, that thou mayst have access to me? He turned to her by the way, and said, "Please come, let me come in to you," for he didn't know that she was his daughter-in-law. She said, "What will you give me, that you may come in to me?" and he turneth aside unto her by the way, and saith, 'Come, I pray thee, let me come in unto thee,' (for he hath not known that she is his daughter-in-law); and she saith, 'What dost thou give to me, that thou mayest come in unto me?' And he turned to her by the way, and said, Go to, I pray you, let me come in to you; (for he knew not that she was his daughter in law.) And she said, What will you give me, that you may come in to me? 
Genesis 38:17 And he said, I will send thee a kid from the flock. And she said, Wilt thou give me a pledge, till thou send it? And he said, I will send thee a kid of the goats from the flock. And she said, Wilt thou give me a pledge, till thou send it? He said: I will send thee a kid out of the flock. And when she said again: I will suffer what thou wilt, if thou give a pledge, till thou send what thou promisest,  And he said, I will send thee a kid of the goats from the flock. And she said, Wilt thou give me a pledge, until thou send it? And he said, I will send thee a kid of the goats from the flock. And she said, Wilt thou give me a pledge, till thou send it? And he said, I will send thee a kid from the flock: and she said, Wilt thou give me a pledge, till thou sendest it? He said, "I will send you a young goat from the flock." She said, "Will you give me a pledge, until you send it?" and he saith, 'I &#8212; I send a kid of the goats from the flock.' And she saith, 'Dost thou give a pledge till thou send it?' And he said, I will send you a kid from the flock. And she said, Will you give me a pledge, till you send it? 
Genesis 38:18 And he said, What pledge shall I give thee? And she said, Thy signet, and thy bracelets, and thy staff that is in thine hand. And he gave it her, and came in unto her, and she conceived by him. And he said, What pledge shall I give thee? And she said, Thy signet and thy cord, and thy staff that is in thy hand. And he gave them to her, and came in unto her, and she conceived by him.Juda said: What wilt thou have for a pledge ? She answered: Thy ring and bracelet, and the staff which thou holdest in thy hand. The woman therefore at one copulation conceived. And he said, What pledge shall I give thee? And she said, Thy signet, and thy lace, and thy staff which is in thy hand. And he gave it her, and went in to her; and she conceived by him. And he said, What pledge shall I give thee? And she said, Thy signet and thy cord, and thy staff that is in thine hand. And he gave them to her, and came in unto her, and she conceived by him. And he said, What pledge shall I give thee? and she said, Thy signet, and thy bracelets, and thy staff that is in thy hand: and he gave them to her, and came in to her, and she conceived by him.He said, "What pledge will I give you?" She said, "Your signet and your cord, and your staff that is in your hand." He gave them to her, and came in to her, and she conceived by him. And he saith, 'What is the pledge that I give to thee?' and she saith, 'Thy seal, and thy ribbon, and thy staff which is in thy hand;' and he giveth to her, and goeth in unto her, and she conceiveth to him; And he said, What pledge shall I give you? And she said, Your signet, and your bracelets, and your staff that is in your hand. And he gave it her, and came in to her, and she conceived by him.
Genesis 38:19 And she arose, and went away, and laid by her vail from her, and put on the garments of her widowhood. And she arose, and went away, and put off her veil from her, and put on the garments of her widowhood. And she arose and went her way: and putting off the apparel which she had taken, put on the garments of her widowhood. And she arose and went away; and she laid by her veil from her, and put on the garments of her widowhood. And she arose, and went away, and put off her veil from her, and put on the garments of her widowhood. And she arose and went her way and laid by her vail from her, and put on the garments of her widowhood. She arose, and went away, and put off her veil from her, and put on the garments of her widowhood. And she riseth, and goeth, and turneth aside her vail from off her, and putteth on the garments of her widowhood. And she arose, and went away, and laid by her veil from her, and put on the garments of her widowhood.
Genesis 38:20 And Judah sent the kid by the hand of his friend the Adullamite, to receive his pledge from the woman's hand: but he found her not. And Judah sent the kid of the goats by the hand of his friend the Adullamite, to receive the pledge from the woman's hand: but he found her not. And Juda sent a kid by his shepherd, the Odollamite, that he might receive the pledge again, which he had given to the woman: but he, not finding her,  And Judah sent the kid of the goats by the hand of his friend the Adullamite, to receive the pledge from the woman's hand; but he found her not. And Judah sent the kid of the goats by the hand of his friend the Adullamite, to receive the pledge from the woman's hand: but he found her not. And Judah sent the kid by the hand of his friend the Adullamite, to receive his pledge from the woman's hand: but he found her not.Judah sent the young goat by the hand of his friend, the Adullamite, to receive the pledge from the woman's hand, but he didn't find her. And Judah sendeth the kid of the goats by the hand of his friend the Adullamite, to receive the pledge from the hand of the woman, and he hath not found her. And Judah sent the kid by the hand of his friend the Adullamite, to receive his pledge from the woman's hand: but he found her not.
Genesis 38:21 Then he asked the men of that place, saying, Where is the harlot, that was openly by the way side? And they said, There was no harlot in this place. Then he asked the men of her place, saying, Where is the prostitute, that was at Enaim by the wayside? And they said, There hath been no prostitute here. Asked the men of that place : Where is the woman that sat in the cross way? And when they all made answer: There was no harlot in this place,  And he asked the men of her place, saying, Where is the prostitute that was at Enaim, by the way-side? And they said, There was no prostitute here. Then he asked the men of her place, saying, Where is the harlot, that was at Enaim by the way side? And they said, There hath been no harlot here. Then he asked the men of that place, saying, where is the harlot that was openly by the way-side? and they said, There was no harlot in this place. Then he asked the men of her place, saying, "Where is the prostitute, that was at Enaim by the road?" They said, "There has been no prostitute here." And he asketh the men of her place, saying, 'Where is the separated one &#8212; she in Enayim, by the way?' and they say, 'There hath not been in this place a separated one.' Then he asked the men of that place, saying, Where is the harlot, that was openly by the way side? And they said, There was no harlot in this place.
Genesis 38:22 And he returned to Judah, and said, I cannot find her; and also the men of the place said, that there was no harlot in this place. And he returned to Judah, and said, I have not found her; and also the men of the place said, There hath been no prostitute here.He returned to Juda, and said to him: I have not found her; moreover the men of that place said to me, that there never sat a harlot there. And he returned to Judah, and said, I have not found her; and also the men of the place said, No prostitute has been here. And he returned to Judah, and said, I have not found her; and also the men of the place said, There hath been no harlot here. And he returned to Judah, and said, I cannot find her; and also the men of the place said, that there was no harlot in this place.He returned to Judah, and said, "I haven't found her; and also the men of the place said, 'There has been no prostitute here.'" And he turneth back unto Judah, and saith, 'I have not found her; and the men of the place also have said, There hath not been in this place a separated one,' And he returned to Judah, and said, I cannot find her; and also the men of the place said, that there was no harlot in this place.
Genesis 38:23 And Judah said, Let her take it to her, lest we be shamed: behold, I sent this kid, and thou hast not found her. And Judah said, Let her take it to her, lest we be put to shame: behold, I sent this kid, and thou hast not found her.Juda said : Let her take it to herself ; surely she cannot charge us with a,lie: I sent the kid which I promised: and thou didst not find her. Then Judah said, Let her take it for herself, lest we be put to shame. Behold, I sent this kid, and thou hast not found her. And Judah said, Let her take it to her, lest we be put to shame: behold, I sent this kid, and thou hast not found her. And Judah said, Let her take it to her, lest we be shamed: behold, I sent this kid, and thou hast not found her.Judah said, "Let her keep it, lest we be shamed. Behold, I sent this young goat, and you haven't found her." and Judah saith, 'Let her take to herself, lest we become despised; lo, I sent this kid, and thou hast not found her.' And Judah said, Let her take it to her, lest we be shamed: behold, I sent this kid, and you have not found her.
Genesis 38:24 And it came to pass about three months after, that it was told Judah, saying, Tamar thy daughter in law hath played the harlot; and also, behold, she is with child by whoredom. And Judah said, Bring her forth, and let her be burnt. And it came to pass about three months after, that it was told Judah, saying, Tamar thy daughter-in-law hath played the harlot; and moreover, behold, she is with child by whoredom. And Judah said, Bring her forth, and let her be burnt. And behold after three months they told a lie, saying: Thamar, thy daughter in law hath played the harlot, and she appeareth to have a big belly. And Juda said : Bring her out that she may be burnt. And it came to pass about three months after, that it was told Judah, saying, Tamar thy daughter-in-law has committed fornication, and behold, she is also with child by fornication. And Judah said, Bring her forth, that she may be burned. And it came to pass about three months after, that it was told Judah, saying, Tamar thy daughter in law hath played the harlot; and moreover, behold, she is with child by whoredom. And Judah said, Bring her forth, and let her be burnt. And it came to pass about three months after, that it was told to Judah, saying, Tamar thy daughter-in-law hath played the harlot; and also, behold she is with child by lewdness: and Judah said, Bring her forth, and let her be burnt.It happened about three months later, that it was told Judah, saying, "Tamar, your daughter-in-law, has played the prostitute; and moreover, behold, she is with child by prostitution." Judah said, "Bring her forth, and let her be burnt." And it cometh to pass about three months after, that it is declared to Judah, saying, 'Tamar thy daughter-in-law hath committed fornication; and also, lo, she hath conceived by fornication:' and Judah saith, 'Bring her out &#8212; and she is burnt.' And it came to pass about three months after, that it was told Judah, saying, Tamar your daughter in law has played the harlot; and also, behold, she is with child by prostitution. And Judah said, Bring her forth, and let her be burnt.
Genesis 38:25 When she was brought forth, she sent to her father in law, saying, By the man, whose these are, am I with child: and she said, Discern, I pray thee, whose are these, the signet, and bracelets, and staff.When she was brought forth, she sent to her father-in-law, saying, By the man, whose these are, am I with child: and she said, Discern, I pray thee, whose are these, the signet, and the cords, and the staff.But when she was led to execution, she sent to her father in law, saying: By the man, to whom these things belong, I am with child. See whose ring, and bracelet, and staff this is. When she was brought forth, she sent to her father-in-law, saying, By the man to whom these belong am I with child; and she said, Acknowledge, I pray thee, whose are this signet, and this lace, and this staff.When she was brought forth, she sent to her father in law, saying, By the man, whose these are, am I with child: and she said, Discern, I pray thee, whose are these, the signet, and the cords, and the staff.When she was brought forth, she sent to her father-in-law, saying, By the man whose these are, am I with child: and she said, Discern, I pray thee, whose are these, the signet, and bracelets, and staff.When she was brought forth, she sent to her father-in-law, saying, "By the man, whose these are, I am with child." She also said, "Please discern whose are these&#8212;the signet, and the cords, and the staff." She is brought out, and she hath sent unto her husband's father, saying, 'To a man whose these are, I am pregnant;' and she saith, 'Discern, I pray thee, whose are these &#8212; the seal, and the ribbons, and the staff.' When she was brought forth, she sent to her father in law, saying, By the man, whose these are, am I with child: and she said, Discern, I pray you, whose are these, the signet, and bracelets, and staff.
Genesis 38:26 And Judah acknowledged them, and said, She hath been more righteous than I; because that I gave her not to Shelah my son. And he knew her again no more. And Judah acknowledged them, and said, She is more righteous than I; forasmuch as I gave her not to Shelah my son. And he knew her again no more.But he acknowledging the gifts, said: She is juster than I: because I did not give her to Sela, my son. However, he knew her no more. And Judah acknowledged them, and said, She is more righteous than I, because I have not given her to Shelah my son. And he knew her again no more. And Judah acknowledged them, and said, She is more righteous than I; forasmuch as I gave her not to Shelah my son. And he knew her again no more. And Judah acknowledged them, and said She hath been more righteous than I; because that I gave her not to Shelah my son: and he knew her again no more.Judah acknowledged them, and said, "She is more righteous than I, because I didn't give her to Shelah, my son." He knew her again no more. And Judah discerneth and saith, 'She hath been more righteous than I, because that I did not give her to Shelah my son;' and he hath not added to know her again. And Judah acknowledged them, and said, She has been more righteous than I; because that I gave her not to Shelah my son. And he knew her again no more.
Genesis 38:27 And it came to pass in the time of her travail, that, behold, twins were in her womb. And it came to pass in the time of her travail, that, behold, twins were in her womb. And when she was ready to be brought to bed, there appeared twins in her womb: and in the very delivery of the infants, one put forth a hand, whereon the midwife tied a scarlet thread, saying:  And it came to pass at the time of her delivery, that behold, twins were in her womb. And it came to pass in the time of her travail, that, behold, twins were in her womb. And it came to pass in the time of her travail, that behold, twins were in her womb.It happened in the time of her travail, that behold, twins were in her womb. And it cometh to pass in the time of her bearing, that lo, twins are in her womb; And it came to pass in the time of her travail, that, behold, twins were in her womb.
Genesis 38:28 And it came to pass, when she travailed, that the one put out his hand: and the midwife took and bound upon his hand a scarlet thread, saying, This came out first. And it came to pass, when she travailed, that one put out a hand: and the midwife took and bound upon his hand a scarlet thread, saying, This came out first. This shall come forth the first. And it came to pass when she brought forth, that one stretched out his hand, and the midwife took it and bound round his hand a scarlet thread, saying, This came out first. And it came to pass, when she travailed, that one put out a hand: and the midwife took and bound upon his hand a scarlet thread, saying, This came out first. And it came to pass when she travailed, that the one put out his hand; and the midwife took and bound upon his hand a scarlet thread, saying, This came out first.When she travailed, one put out a hand, and the midwife took and tied a scarlet thread on his hand, saying, "This came out first." and it cometh to pass in her bearing, that one giveth out a hand, and the midwife taketh and bindeth on his hand a scarlet thread, saying, 'This hath come out first.' And it came to pass, when she travailed, that the one put out his hand: and the midwife took and bound on his hand a scarlet thread, saying, This came out first.
Genesis 38:29 And it came to pass, as he drew back his hand, that, behold, his brother came out: and she said, How hast thou broken forth? this breach be upon thee: therefore his name was called Pharez. And it came to pass, as he drew back his hand, that, behold, his brother came out: and she said, Wherefore hast thou made a breach for thyself? Therefore his name was called Perez.But he drawing back his hand, the other came forth: and the woman said: Why is the partition divided for thee? and therefore called his name Phares. And it came to pass as he drew back his hand, that behold, his brother came out; and she said, How hast thou broken forth! on thee be the breach! And they called his name Pherez. And it came to pass, as he drew back his hand, that, behold, his brother came out: and she said, Wherefore hast thou made a breach for thyself? therefore his name was called Perez. And it came to pass as he drew back his hand, that behold, his brother came out; and she said, How hast thou broken forth? this breach be upon thee: therefore his name was called Pharez.It happened, as he drew back his hand, that behold, his brother came out, and she said, "Why have you made a breach for yourself?" Therefore his name was called Perez. And it cometh to pass as he draweth back his hand, that lo, his brother hath come out, and she saith, 'What! thou hast broken forth &#8212; on thee is the breach;' and he calleth his name Pharez; And it came to pass, as he drew back his hand, that, behold, his brother came out: and she said, How have you broken forth? this breach be on you: therefore his name was called Pharez.
Genesis 38:30 And afterward came out his brother, that had the scarlet thread upon his hand: and his name was called Zarah. And afterward came out his brother, that had the scarlet thread upon his hand: and his name was called Zerah. Afterwards his brother came out, on whose hand was the scarlet thread: and she called him Zara. And afterwards came out his brother, round whose hand was the scarlet thread; and they called his name Zerah. And afterward came out his brother, that had the scarlet thread upon his hand: and his name was called Zerah. And afterwards came out his brother that had the scarlet thread upon his hand; and his name was called Zarah. Afterward his brother came out, that had the scarlet thread on his hand, and his name was called Zerah. And afterwards hath his brother come out, on whose hand is the scarlet thread, and he calleth his name Zarah. And afterward came out his brother, that had the scarlet thread on his hand: and his name was called Zarah.
Genesis 39:1 And Joseph was brought down to Egypt; and Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh, captain of the guard, an Egyptian, bought him of the hands of the Ishmeelites, which had brought him down thither. And Joseph was brought down to Egypt; and Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh's, the captain of the guard, an Egyptian, bought him of the hand of the Ishmaelites, that had brought him down thither. And Joseph was brought into Egypt, and Putiphar an eunuch of Pharao, chief captain of the army, an Egyptian, bought him of the Ismaelites, by whom he was brought. And Joseph was brought down to Egypt; and Potiphar, a chamberlain of Pharaoh, the captain of the life-guard, an Egyptian, bought him of the hand of the Ishmaelites who had brought him down thither. And Joseph was brought down to Egypt; and Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh's, the captain of the guard, an Egyptian, bought him of the hand of the Ishmaelites, which had brought him down thither. And Joseph was brought down to Egypt: and Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh, captain of the guard, an Egyptian, bought him of the hands of the Ishmaelites, who had brought him down thither.Joseph was brought down to Egypt. Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh's, the captain of the guard, an Egyptian, bought him from the hand of the Ishmaelites that had brought him down there. And Joseph hath been brought down to Egypt, and Potiphar, a eunuch of Pharaoh, head of the executioners, an Egyptian man, buyeth him out of the hands of the Ishmaelites who have brought him thither. And Joseph was brought down to Egypt; and Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh, captain of the guard, an Egyptian, bought him of the hands of the Ishmeelites, which had brought him down thither.
Genesis 39:2 And the LORD was with Joseph, and he was a prosperous man; and he was in the house of his master the Egyptian. And Jehovah was with Joseph, and he was a prosperous man; and he was in the house of his master the Egyptian. And the Lord was with him, and he was a prosperous man in all things: and he dwelt in his master's house,  And Jehovah was with Joseph, and he was a prosperous man; and he was in the house of his master the Egyptian. And the LORD was with Joseph, and he was a prosperous man; and he was in the house of his master the Egyptian. And the LORD was with Joseph, and he was a prosperous man: and he was in the house of his master the Egyptian.Yahweh was with Joseph, and he was a prosperous man. He was in the house of his master the Egyptian. And Jehovah is with Joseph, and he is a prosperous man, and he is in the house of his lord the Egyptian, And the LORD was with Joseph, and he was a prosperous man; and he was in the house of his master the Egyptian.
Genesis 39:3 And his master saw that the LORD was with him, and that the LORD made all that he did to prosper in his hand. And his master saw that Jehovah was with him, and that Jehovah made all that he did to prosper in his hand.Who knew very well that the Lord was with him, and made all that he did to prosper in his hand. And his master saw that Jehovah was with him, and that Jehovah made all that he did to prosper in his hand. And his master saw that the LORD was with him, and that the LORD made all that he did to prosper in his hand. And his master saw that the LORD was with him, and that the LORD made all that he did to prosper in his hand.His master saw that Yahweh was with him, and that Yahweh made all that he did prosper in his hand. And his lord seeth that Jehovah is with him, and all that he is doing Jehovah is causing to prosper in his hand, And his master saw that the LORD was with him, and that the LORD made all that he did to prosper in his hand.
Genesis 39:4 And Joseph found grace in his sight, and he served him: and he made him overseer over his house, and all that he had he put into his hand. And Joseph found favor in his sight, and he ministered unto him: and he made him overseer over his house, and all that he had he put into his hand. And Joseph found favour in the sight of his master, and ministered to him: and being set over all by him, he governed the house committed to him, and all things that were delivered to him:  And Joseph found favour in his eyes, and attended on him; and he set him over his house, and all that he had he gave into his hand. And Joseph found grace in his sight, and he ministered unto him: and he made him overseer over his house, and all that he had he put into his hand. And Joseph found grace in his sight, and he served him: and he made him overseer over his house, and all that he had he put into his hand.Joseph found favor in his sight. He ministered to him, and he made him overseer over his house, and all that he had he put into his hand. And Joseph findeth grace in his eyes and serveth him, and he appointeth him over his house, and all that he hath he hath given into his hand. And Joseph found grace in his sight, and he served him: and he made him overseer over his house, and all that he had he put into his hand.
Genesis 39:5 And it came to pass from the time that he had made him overseer in his house, and over all that he had, that the LORD blessed the Egyptian's house for Joseph's sake; and the blessing of the LORD was upon all that he had in the house, and in the field. And it came to pass from the time that he made him overseer in his house, and over all that he had, that Jehovah blessed the Egyptian's house for Joseph's sake; and the blessing of Jehovah was upon all that he had, in the house and in the field. And the Lord blessed the house of the Egyptian for Joseph's sake, and multiplied all his substance, both at home, and in the fields. And it came to pass from the time he had set him over his house and all that he had, that Jehovah blessed the Egyptian's house for Joseph's sake; and the blessing of Jehovah was on all that he had in the house and in the field. And it came to pass from the time that he made him overseer in his house, and over all that he had, that the LORD blessed the Egyptian's house for Joseph's sake; and the blessing of the LORD was upon all that he had, in the house and in the field. And it came to pass from the time that he had made him overseer in his house, and over all that he had, that the LORD blessed the Egyptian's house for Joseph's sake: and the blessing of the LORD was on all that he had in the house, and in the field.It happened from the time that he made him overseer in his house, and over all that he had, that Yahweh blessed the Egyptian's house for Joseph's sake; and the blessing of Yahweh was on all that he had, in the house and in the field. And it cometh to pass from the time that he hath appointed him over his house, and over all that he hath, that Jehovah blesseth the house of the Egyptian for Joseph's sake, and the blessing of Jehovah is on all that he hath, in the house, and in the field; And it came to pass from the time that he had made him overseer in his house, and over all that he had, that the LORD blessed the Egyptian's house for Joseph's sake; and the blessing of the LORD was on all that he had in the house, and in the field.
Genesis 39:6 And he left all that he had in Joseph's hand; and he knew not ought he had, save the bread which he did eat. And Joseph was a goodly person, and well favoured. And he left all that he had in Joseph's hand; and he knew not aught that was with him, save the bread which he did eat. And Joseph was comely, and well-favored.Neither knew he any other thing, but the bread which he ate. And Joseph was of a beautiful countenance, and comely to behold. And he left all that he had in Joseph's hand, and took cognizance of nothing with him, save the bread that he ate. And Joseph was of a beautiful form and of a beautiful countenance. And he left all that he had in Joseph's hand; and he knew not aught that was with him, save the bread which he did eat. And Joseph was comely, and well favoured. And he left all that he had in Joseph's hand; and he knew not aught he had, save the bread which he ate; and Joseph was a goodly person, and well favored.He left all that he had in Joseph's hand. He didn't concern himself with anything, except for the food which he ate. Joseph was well-built and handsome. And he leaveth all that he hath in the hand of Joseph, and he hath not known anything that he hath, except the bread which he is eating. And Joseph is of a fair form, and of a fair appearance. And he left all that he had in Joseph's hand; and he knew not ought he had, save the bread which he did eat. And Joseph was a goodly person, and well favored.
Genesis 39:7 And it came to pass after these things, that his master's wife cast her eyes upon Joseph; and she said, Lie with me. And it came to pass after these things, that his master's wife cast her eyes upon Joseph; and she said, Lie with me.h And after many days his mistress 'cast her eyes on Joseph, and said: Lie with me. And it came to pass after these things, that his master's wife cast her eyes on Joseph, and said, Lie with me! And it came to pass after these things, that his master's wife cast her eyes upon Joseph; and she said, Lie with me. And it came to pass after these things, that his master's wife cast her eyes upon Joseph: and she said, Lie with me.It happened after these things, that his master's wife cast her eyes on Joseph; and she said, "Lie with me." And it cometh to pass after these things, that his lord's wife lifteth up her eyes unto Joseph, and saith, 'Lie with me;' And it came to pass after these things, that his master's wife cast her eyes on Joseph; and she said, Lie with me.
Genesis 39:8 But he refused, and said unto his master's wife, Behold, my master wotteth not what is with me in the house, and he hath committed all that he hath to my hand; But he refused, and said unto his master's wife, Behold, my master knoweth not what is with me in the house, and he hath put all that he hath into my hand: But he, in no wise consenting to that wicked act, said to her: Behold, my master hath delivered all things to me, and knoweth not what he hath in his own house:  But he refused, and said to his master's wife, Behold, my master takes cognizance of nothing with me: what is in the house, and all that he has, he has given into my hand.But he refused, and said unto his master's wife, Behold, my master knoweth not what is with me in the house, and he hath put all that he hath into my hand; But he refused, and said to his master's wife, Behold, my master knoweth not what is with me in the house, and he hath committed all that he hath to my hand: But he refused, and said to his master's wife, "Behold, my master doesn't know what is with me in the house, and he has put all that he has into my hand. And he refuseth, and saith unto his lord's wife, 'Lo, my lord hath not known what is with me in the house, and all that he hath he hath given into my hand; But he refused, and said to his master's wife, Behold, my master wotteth not what is with me in the house, and he has committed all that he has to my hand; 
Genesis 39:9 There is none greater in this house than I; neither hath he kept back any thing from me but thee, because thou art his wife: how then can I do this great wickedness, and sin against God? he is not greater in this house than I; neither hath he kept back anything from me but thee, because thou art his wife: how then can I do this great wickedness, and sin against God? Neither is there any thing which is hot in my power, or that he hath not delivered to me, but thee, who art his wife : how then can I do this wicked thing, and I sin against my God?  There is none greater in this house than I; neither has he withheld anything from me but thee, because thou art his wife; and how should I do this great wickedness, and sin against God? there is none greater in this house than I; neither hath he kept back any thing from me but thee, because thou art his wife: how then can I do this great wickedness, and sin against God? There is none greater in his house than I; neither hath he kept back any thing from me but thee, because thou art his wife: how then can I do this great wickedness, and sin against God? He isn't greater in this house than I, neither has he kept back anything from me but you, because you are his wife. How then can I do this great wickedness, and sin against God?" none is greater in this house than I, and he hath not withheld from me anything, except thee, because thou art his wife; and how shall I do this great evil? &#8212; then have I sinned against God.' There is none greater in this house than I; neither has he kept back any thing from me but you, because you are his wife: how then can I do this great wickedness, and sin against God? 
Genesis 39:10 And it came to pass, as she spake to Joseph day by day, that he hearkened not unto her, to lie by her, or to be with her. And it came to pass, as she spake to Joseph day by day, that he hearkened not unto her, to lie by her, or to be with her.With such words as these day by day, both the woman was importunate with the young man, and he refused the adultery. And it came to pass as she spoke to Joseph day by day and he hearkened not to her, to lie with her and to be with her, And it came to pass, as she spake to Joseph day by day, that he hearkened not unto her, to lie by her, or to be with her. And it came to pass, as she spoke to Joseph day by day, that he hearkened not to her, to lie by her, or to be with her. As she spoke to Joseph day by day, he didn't listen to her, to lie by her, or to be with her. And it cometh to pass at her speaking unto Joseph day by day, that he hath not hearkened unto her, to lie near her, to be with her; And it came to pass, as she spoke to Joseph day by day, that he listened not to her, to lie by her, or to be with her.
Genesis 39:11 And it came to pass about this time, that Joseph went into the house to do his business; and there was none of the men of the house there within. And it came to pass about this time, that he went into the house to do his work; and there was none of the men of the house there within.Now it happened on it certain day, that Joseph went into the house, and was doing some business without any, man with him:  that on a certain day he went into the house to do his business, and there was none of the men of the house there in the house. And it came to pass about this time, that he went into the house to do his work; and there was none of the men of the house there within. And it came to pass, about this time, that Joseph went into the house to do his business; and there was none of the men of the house there within. About this time, he went into the house to do his work, and there were none of the men of the house inside. And it cometh to pass about this day, that he goeth into the house to do his work, and there is none of the men of the house there in the house, And it came to pass about this time, that Joseph went into the house to do his business; and there was none of the men of the house there within.
Genesis 39:12 And she caught him by his garment, saying, Lie with me: and he left his garment in her hand, and fled, and got him out. And she caught him by his garment, saying, Lie with me: and he left his garment in her hand, and fled, and got him out. And she catching the skirt of his garment, said: Lie with me. But he leaving the garment in her hand, fled, and went out. Then she caught him by his garment, saying, Lie with me! But he left his garment in her hand, and fled and ran out. And she caught him by his garment, saying, Lie with me: and he left his garment in her hand, and fled, and got him out. And she caught him by his garment, saying, Lie with me: and he left his garment in her hand, and fled, and went out. She caught him by his garment, saying, "Lie with me!" He left his garment in her hand, and ran outside. And she catcheth him by his garment, saying, 'Lie with me;' and he leaveth his garment in her hand, and fleeth, and goeth without. And she caught him by his garment, saying, Lie with me: and he left his garment in her hand, and fled, and got him out.
Genesis 39:13 And it came to pass, when she saw that he had left his garment in her hand, and was fled forth, And it came to pass, when she saw that he had left his garment in her hand, and was fled forth, And when the woman saw the garment in her hands, and herself disregarded,  And it came to pass, when she saw that he had left his garment in her hand and had fled forth, And it came to pass, when she saw that he had left his garment in her hand, and was fled forth, And it came to pass, when she saw that he had left his garment in her hand, and had fled forth, When she saw that he had left his garment in her hand, and had run outside, And it cometh to pass when she seeth that he hath left his garment in her hand, and fleeth without, And it came to pass, when she saw that he had left his garment in her hand, and was fled forth, 
Genesis 39:14 That she called unto the men of her house, and spake unto them, saying, See, he hath brought in an Hebrew unto us to mock us; he came in unto me to lie with me, and I cried with a loud voice: that she called unto the men of her house, and spake unto them, saying, See, he hath brought in a Hebrew unto us to mock us: he came in unto me to lie with me, and I cried with a loud voice: She called to her the men of her house, and said to them: See, he hath brought in a Hebrew, to abuse us: he came in to me, to lie with me : and when I cried out,  that she called to the men of her house, and spoke to them, saying, See, he has brought in a Hebrew man to us, to mock us: he came in to me, to lie with me; and I cried with a loud voice; that she called unto the men of her house, and spake unto them, saying, See, he hath brought in an Hebrew unto us to mock us; he came in unto me to lie with me, and I cried with a loud voice: That she called to the men of her house, and spoke to them, saying, See, he hath brought in a Hebrew to us to mock us: he came in to me to lie with me, and I cried with a loud voice: she called to the men of her house, and spoke to them, saying, "Behold, he has brought in a Hebrew to us to mock us. He came in to me to lie with me, and I cried with a loud voice. That she calleth for the men of her house, and speaketh to them, saying, 'See, he hath brought in to us a man, a Hebrew, to play with us; he hath come in unto me, to lie with me, and I call with a loud voice, That she called to the men of her house, and spoke to them, saying, See, he has brought in an Hebrew to us to mock us; he came in to me to lie with me, and I cried with a loud voice: 
Genesis 39:15 And it came to pass, when he heard that I lifted up my voice and cried, that he left his garment with me, and fled, and got him out. And it came to pass, when he heard that I lifted up my voice and cried, that he left his garment by me, and fled, and got him out. And he heard my voice, he left the garment that I held, and got him out. and it came to pass when he heard that I lifted up my voice and cried, that he left his garment with me, and fled and went out. And it came to pass, when he heard that I lifted up my voice and cried, that he left his garment by me, and fled, and got him out. And it came to pass, when he heard that I raised my voice and cried, that he left his garment with me, and fled, and went out.It happened, when he heard that I lifted up my voice and cried, that he left his garment by me, and ran outside." and it cometh to pass, when he heareth that I have lifted up my voice and call, that he leaveth his garment near me, and fleeth, and goeth without.' And it came to pass, when he heard that I lifted up my voice and cried, that he left his garment with me, and fled, and got him out.
Genesis 39:16 And she laid up his garment by her, until his lord came home. And she laid up his garment by her, until his master came home.For a proof therefore of her fidelity, she kept the garment, and shewed it to her husband when he returned home:  And she laid his garment by her until his lord came home. And she laid up his garment by her, until his master came home. And she laid up his garment by her until his lord came home. She laid up his garment by her, until his master came home. And she placeth his garment near her, until the coming in of his lord unto his house. And she laid up his garment by her, until his lord came home.
Genesis 39:17 And she spake unto him according to these words, saying, The Hebrew servant, which thou hast brought unto us, came in unto me to mock me: And she spake unto him according to these words, saying, The Hebrew servant, whom thou hast brought unto us, came in unto me to mock me: And said: The Hebrew servant, whom thou best brought, came to me to abuse me. And she spoke to him according to these words, saying, The Hebrew bondman that thou hast brought to us came in to me to mock me; And she spake unto him according to these words, saying, The Hebrew servant, which thou hast brought unto us, came in unto me to mock me: And she spoke to him according to these words, saying, The Hebrew servant, which thou hast brought to us, came in to me to mock me. She spoke to him according to these words, saying, "The Hebrew servant, whom you have brought to us, came in to me to mock me, And she speaketh unto him according to these words, saying, 'The Hebrew servant whom thou hast brought unto us, hath come in unto me to play with me; And she spoke to him according to these words, saying, The Hebrew servant, which you have brought to us, came in to me to mock me: 
Genesis 39:18 And it came to pass, as I lifted up my voice and cried, that he left his garment with me, and fled out. And it came to pass, as I lifted up my voice and cried, that he left his garment by me, and fled out. And when he heard me cry, he left the garment which I held, and fled out. and it came to pass as I lifted up my voice and cried, that he left his garment with me, and fled forth. And it came to pass, as I lifted up my voice and cried, that he left his garment by me, and fled out. And it came to pass, as I raised my voice and cried, that he left his garment with me, and fled. And it happened, as I lifted up my voice and cried, that he left his garment by me, and ran outside." and it cometh to pass, when I lift my voice and call, that he leaveth his garment near me, and fleeth without.' And it came to pass, as I lifted up my voice and cried, that he left his garment with me, and fled out.
Genesis 39:19 And it came to pass, when his master heard the words of his wife, which she spake unto him, saying, After this manner did thy servant to me; that his wrath was kindled. And it came to pass, when his master heard the words of his wife, which she spake unto him, saying, After this manner did thy servant to me; that his wrath was kindled.His master hearing these things, and giving too much credit to his wife's words, was very angry. And it came to pass when his lord heard the words of his wife which she spoke to him, saying, After this manner did thy bondman to me, that his wrath was kindled. And it came to pass, when his master heard the words of his wife, which she spake unto him, saying, After this manner did thy servant to me; that his wrath was kindled. And it came to pass, when his master heard the words of his wife, which she spoke to him, saying, After this manner did thy servant to me; that his wrath was kindled.It happened, when his master heard the words of his wife, which she spoke to him, saying, "This is what your servant did to me," that his wrath was kindled. And it cometh to pass when his lord heareth the words of his wife, which she hath spoken unto him, saying, 'According to these things hath thy servant done to me,' that his anger burneth; And it came to pass, when his master heard the words of his wife, which she spoke to him, saying, After this manner did your servant to me; that his wrath was kindled.
Genesis 39:20 And Joseph's master took him, and put him into the prison, a place where the king's prisoners were bound: and he was there in the prison. And Joseph's master took him, and put him into the prison, the place where the king's prisoners were bound: and he was there in the prison. And cast Joseph into the prison, where the king's prisoners were kept, and he was there shut up. And Joseph's lord took him and put him into the tower-house, the place where the king's prisoners were confined; and he was there in the tower-house. And Joseph's master took him, and put him into the prison, the place where the king's prisoners were bound: and he was there in the prison. And Joseph's master took him, and put him into the prison, a place where the king's prisoners were bound: and he was there in the prison.Joseph's master took him, and put him into the prison, the place where the king's prisoners were bound, and he was there in custody. And Joseph's lord taketh him, and putteth him unto the round-house, a place where the king's prisoners are bound; and he is there in the round-house. And Joseph's master took him, and put him into the prison, a place where the king's prisoners were bound: and he was there in the prison.
Genesis 39:21 But the LORD was with Joseph, and shewed him mercy, and gave him favour in the sight of the keeper of the prison.But Jehovah was with Joseph, and showed kindness unto him, and gave him favor in the sight of the keeper of the prison.But the Lord was with Joseph and having mercy upon him gave him favour in the sight of the chief keeper of the prison:  And Jehovah was with Joseph, and extended mercy to him, and gave him favour in the eyes of the chief of the tower-house.But the LORD was with Joseph, and shewed kindness unto him, and gave him favour in the sight of the keeper of the prison.But the LORD was with Joseph, and showed him mercy, and gave him favor in the sight of the keeper of the prison.But Yahweh was with Joseph, and showed kindness to him, and gave him favor in the sight of the keeper of the prison. And Jehovah is with Joseph, and stretcheth out kindness unto him, and putteth his grace in the eyes of the chief of the round-house; But the LORD was with Joseph, and showed him mercy, and gave him favor in the sight of the keeper of the prison.
Genesis 39:22 And the keeper of the prison committed to Joseph's hand all the prisoners that were in the prison; and whatsoever they did there, he was the doer of it. And the keeper of the prison committed to Joseph's hand all the prisoners that were in the prison; and whatsoever they did there, he was the doer of it.Who delivered into his hand all the prisoners that were kept in custody: and whatsoever was done was under him. And the chief of the tower-house committed to Joseph's hand all the prisoners that were in the tower-house; and whatever they had to do there he did. And the keeper of the prison committed to Joseph's hand all the prisoners that were in the prison; and whatsoever they did there, he was the doer of it. And the keeper of the prison committed to Joseph's hand all the prisoners that were in the prison; and whatever they did there, was done by him. The keeper of the prison committed to Joseph's hand all the prisoners who were in the prison. Whatever they did there, he was responsible for it. And the chief of the round-house giveth into the hand of Joseph all the prisoners who are in the round-house, and of all that they are doing there, he hath been doer; And the keeper of the prison committed to Joseph's hand all the prisoners that were in the prison; and whatever they did there, he was the doer of it.
Genesis 39:23 The keeper of the prison looked not to any thing that was under his hand; because the LORD was with him, and that which he did, the LORD made it to prosper. The keeper of the prison looked not to anything that was under his hand, because Jehovah was with him; and that which he did, Jehovah made it prosper.Neither did he himself know any thing, having committed all things to him: for the Lord was with him, and made all that he did to prosper. The chief of the tower-house looked not to anything under his hand, because Jehovah was with him; and what he did, Jehovah made it prosper. The keeper of the prison looked not to any thing that was under his hand, because the LORD was with him; and that which he did, the LORD made it to prosper. The keeper of the prison looked not to any thing that was under his hand; because the LORD was with him: and that which he did the LORD made it to prosper. The keeper of the prison didn't look after anything that was under his hand, because Yahweh was with him; and that which he did, Yahweh made it prosper. The chief of the round-house seeth not anything under his hand, because Jehovah is with him, and that which he is doing Jehovah is causing to prosper. The keeper of the prison looked not to any thing that was under his hand; because the LORD was with him, and that which he did, the LORD made it to prosper.
Genesis 40:1 And it came to pass after these things, that the butler of the king of Egypt and his baker had offended their lord the king of Egypt. And it came to pass after these things, that the butler of the king of Egypt and his baker offended their lord the king of Egypt. After this, it came to pass, that two eunuchs, the butler and the baker of the king of Egypt, offended their lord. And it came to pass after these things, that the cup-bearer of the king of Egypt and the baker offended their lord the king of Egypt. And it came to pass after these things, that the butler of the king of Egypt and his baker offended their lord the king of Egypt. And it came to pass after these things, that the butler of the king of Egypt and his baker had offended their lord the king of Egypt.It happened after these things, that the butler of the king of Egypt and his baker offended their lord, the king of Egypt. And it cometh to pass, after these things &#8212; the butler of the king of Egypt and the baker have sinned against their lord, against the king of Egypt; And it came to pass after these things, that the butler of the king of Egypt and his baker had offended their lord the king of Egypt.
Genesis 40:2 And Pharaoh was wroth against two of his officers, against the chief of the butlers, and against the chief of the bakers. And Pharaoh was wroth against his two officers, against the chief of the butlers, and against the chief of the bakers. And Pharao being angry with them (now the one was chief butler, the other chief baker)  And Pharaoh was wroth with his two chamberlains with the chief of the cup-bearers and with the chief of the bakers; And Pharaoh was wroth against his two officers, against the chief of the butlers, and against the chief of the bakers. And Pharaoh was wroth with two of his officers, with the chief of the butlers, and with the chief of the bakers.Pharaoh was angry with his two officers, the chief cupbearer and the chief baker. And Pharaoh is wroth against his two eunuchs, against the chief of the butlers, and against the chief of the bakers, And Pharaoh was wroth against two of his officers, against the chief of the butlers, and against the chief of the bakers.
Genesis 40:3 And he put them in ward in the house of the captain of the guard, into the prison, the place where Joseph was bound. And he put them in ward in the house of the captain of the guard, into the prison, the place where Joseph was bound.He sent them to the prison of the commander of the soldiers, in which Joseph also was prisoner,  and he put them in custody into the house of the captain of the life-guard, into the tower-house, into the place where Joseph was imprisoned. And he put them in ward in the house of the captain of the guard, into the prison, the place where Joseph was bound. And he put them in custody in the house of the captain of the guard, into the prison, the place where Joseph was bound.He put them in custody in the house of the captain of the guard, into the prison, the place where Joseph was bound. And giveth them in charge in the house of the chief of the executioners, unto the round-house, the place where Joseph is a prisoner, And he put them in ward in the house of the captain of the guard, into the prison, the place where Joseph was bound.
Genesis 40:4 And the captain of the guard charged Joseph with them, and he served them: and they continued a season in ward. And the captain of the guard charged Joseph with them, and he ministered unto them: and they continued a season in ward.But the keeper of the prison delivered them to Joseph, and he served them. Some little time passed, and they were kept in custody. And the captain of the life-guard appointed Joseph to them, that he should attend on them. And they were several days in custody. And the captain of the guard charged Joseph with them, and he ministered unto them: and they continued a season in ward. And the captain of the guard charged Joseph with them, and he served them; and they continued a season in custody. The captain of the guard assigned them to Joseph, and he took care of them. They stayed in prison many days. And the chief of the executioners chargeth Joseph with them, and he serveth them; and they are days in charge. And the captain of the guard charged Joseph with them, and he served them: and they continued a season in ward.
Genesis 40:5 And they dreamed a dream both of them, each man his dream in one night, each man according to the interpretation of his dream, the butler and the baker of the king of Egypt, which were bound in the prison. And they dreamed a dream both of them, each man his dream, in one night, each man according to the interpretation of his dream, the butler and the baker of the king of Egypt, who were bound in the prison. And they both dreamed a dream the same night, according to the interpretation agreeing to themselves:  And they dreamed a dream, both of them in one night, each his dream, each according to the interpretation of his dream, the cup-bearer and the baker of the king of Egypt, who were imprisoned in the tower-house. And they dreamed a dream both of them, each man his dream, in one night, each man according to the interpretation of his dream, the butler and the baker of the king of Egypt, which were bound in the prison. And they dreamed a dream both of them, each man his dream in one night, each man according to the interpretation of his dream; the butler and the baker of the king of Egypt, who were bound in the prison. They both dreamed a dream, each man his dream, in one night, each man according to the interpretation of his dream, the cupbearer and the baker of the king of Egypt, who were bound in the prison. And they dream a dream both of them, each his dream in one night, each according to the interpretation of his dream, the butler and the baker whom the king of Egypt hath, who are prisoners in the round-house. And they dreamed a dream both of them, each man his dream in one night, each man according to the interpretation of his dream, the butler and the baker of the king of Egypt, which were bound in the prison.
Genesis 40:6 And Joseph came in unto them in the morning, and looked upon them, and, behold, they were sad. And Joseph came in unto them in the morning, and saw them, and, behold, they were sad. And when Joseph was come in to them in the morning, and saw them sad,  And Joseph came in to them in the morning, and looked on them, and behold, they were sad. And Joseph came in unto them in the morning, and saw them, and, behold, they were sad. And Joseph came to them in the morning, and looked upon them, and behold, they were sad.Joseph came in to them in the morning, and saw them, and saw that they were sad. And Joseph cometh in unto them in the morning, and seeth them, and lo, they are morose; And Joseph came in to them in the morning, and looked on them, and, behold, they were sad.
Genesis 40:7 And he asked Pharaoh's officers that were with him in the ward of his lord's house, saying, Wherefore look ye so sadly to day? And he asked Pharaoh's officers that were with him in ward in his master's house, saying, Wherefore look ye so sad to-day? He asked them, saying: Why is your oountenance sadder to day than usual?  And he asked Pharaoh's chamberlains that were with him in custody in his lord's house, saying, Why are your faces so sad to-day? And he asked Pharaoh's officers that were with him in ward in his master's house, saying, Wherefore look ye so sadly to day? And he asked Pharaoh's officers that were with him in the ward of his lord's house, saying, Why look ye so sad to-day? He asked Pharaoh's officers who were with him in custody in his master's house, saying, "Why do you look so sad today?" and he asketh Pharaoh's eunuchs who are with him in charge in the house of his lord, saying, 'Wherefore are your faces sad to-day?' And he asked Pharaoh's officers that were with him in the ward of his lord's house, saying, Why look you so sadly to day? 
Genesis 40:8 And they said unto him, We have dreamed a dream, and there is no interpreter of it. And Joseph said unto them, Do not interpretations belong to God? tell me them, I pray you. And they said unto him, We have dreamed a dream, and there is none that can interpret it. And Joseph said unto them, Do not interpretations belong to God? tell it me, I pray you. They answered: We have dreamed a dream, and there is nobody to interpret it to us. And Joseph said to them: Both not interpretation belong to God? Tell me what you have dreamed.   And they said to him, We have dreamt a dream, and there is no interpreter of it. And Joseph said to them, Do not interpretations belong to God? tell me your dreams, I pray you. And they said unto him, We have dreamed a dream, and there is none that can interpret it. And Joseph said unto them, Do not interpretations belong to God? tell it me, I pray you. And they said to him, We have dreamed a dream, and there is no interpreter of it. And Joseph said to them, Do not interpretations belong to God? tell me them, I pray you. They said to him, "We have dreamed a dream, and there is no one who can interpret it." Joseph said to them, "Don't interpretations belong to God? Please tell it to me." And they say unto him, 'A dream we have dreamed, and there is no interpreter of it;' and Joseph saith unto them, 'Are not interpretations with God? recount, I pray you, to me.' And they said to him, We have dreamed a dream, and there is no interpreter of it. And Joseph said to them, Do not interpretations belong to God? tell me them, I pray you.
Genesis 40:9 And the chief butler told his dream to Joseph, and said to him, In my dream, behold, a vine was before me; And the chief butler told his dream to Joseph, and said to him, In my dream, behold, a vine was before me; The chief butler first told his dream: I saw before me a vine,  Then the chief of the cup-bearers told his dream to Joseph, and said to him, In my dream, behold, a vine was before me; And the chief butler told his dream to Joseph, and said to him, In my dream, behold, a vine was before me; And the chief butler told his dream to Joseph, and said to him, In my dream, behold, a vine was before me; The chief cupbearer told his dream to Joseph, and said to him, "In my dream, behold, a vine was in front of me, And the chief of the butlers recounteth his dream to Joseph, and saith to him, 'In my dream, then lo, a vine is before me! And the chief butler told his dream to Joseph, and said to him, In my dream, behold, a vine was before me; 
Genesis 40:10 And in the vine were three branches: and it was as though it budded, and her blossoms shot forth; and the clusters thereof brought forth ripe grapes: and in the vine were three branches: and it was as though it budded, and its blossoms shot forth; and the clusters thereof brought forth ripe grapes: On which were three branches, which by little and little sent out buds, and after the blossoms brought forth ripe grapes :  and in the vine were three branches; and it was as though it budded: its blossoms shot forth, its clusters ripened into grapes. And in the vine were three branches: and it was as though it budded, and its blossoms shot forth; and the clusters thereof brought forth ripe grapes: And on the vine were three branches: and it was as though it budded, and its blossoms shot forth; and its clusters brought forth ripe grapes: and in the vine were three branches. It was as though it budded, its blossoms shot forth, and its clusters brought forth ripe grapes. And in the vine are three branches, and it is as it were flourishing; gone up hath its blossom, its clusters have ripened grapes; And in the vine were three branches: and it was as though it budded, and her blossoms shot forth; and the clusters thereof brought forth ripe grapes: 
Genesis 40:11 And Pharaoh's cup was in my hand: and I took the grapes, and pressed them into Pharaoh's cup, and I gave the cup into Pharaoh's hand. And Pharaoh's cup was in my hand; and I took the grapes, and pressed them into Pharaoh's cup, and I gave the cup into Pharaoh's hand. And the cup of Pharao was in my hand: and I took the grapes, and pressed them into the cup which I held, and I gave the cup to Pharao. And Pharaoh's cup was in my hand; and I took the grapes, and pressed them into Pharaoh's cup, and gave the cup into Pharaoh's hand. And Pharaoh's cup was in my hand; and I took the grapes, and pressed them into Pharaoh's cup, and I gave the cup into Pharaoh's hand. And Pharaoh's cup was in my hand: and I took the grapes, and pressed them into Pharaoh's cup, and I gave the cup into Pharaoh's hand.Pharaoh's cup was in my hand; and I took the grapes, and pressed them into Pharaoh's cup, and I gave the cup into Pharaoh's hand." and Pharaoh's cup is in my hand, and I take the grapes and press them into the cup of Pharaoh, and I give the cup into the hand of Pharaoh.' And Pharaoh's cup was in my hand: and I took the grapes, and pressed them into Pharaoh's cup, and I gave the cup into Pharaoh's hand.
Genesis 40:12 And Joseph said unto him, This is the interpretation of it: The three branches are three days: And Joseph said unto him, This is the interpretation of it: the three branches are three days; Joseph answered: This is the interpretation of the dream: The three branches are yet three days:  And Joseph said to him, This is the interpretation of it: the three branches are three days. And Joseph said unto him, This is the interpretation of it: the three branches are three days; And Joseph said to him, This is the interpretation of it: The three branches are three days; Joseph said to him, "This is its interpretation: the three branches are three days. And Joseph saith to him, 'This is its interpretation: the three branches are three days; And Joseph said to him, This is the interpretation of it: The three branches are three days: 
Genesis 40:13 Yet within three days shall Pharaoh lift up thine head, and restore thee unto thy place: and thou shalt deliver Pharaoh's cup into his hand, after the former manner when thou wast his butler.within yet three days shall Pharaoh lift up thy head, and restore thee unto thine office: and thou shalt give Pharaoh's cup into his hand, after the former manner when thou wast his butler. After which Pharao will remember thy service, and will restore thee to thy former place: and thou shah present him the cup according to thy office, as before thou wast wont to do. In yet three days will Pharaoh lift up thy head and restore thee to thy place, and thou shalt deliver Pharaoh's cup into his hand, after the former manner when thou wast his cup-bearer.within yet three days shall Pharaoh lift up thine head, and restore thee unto thine office: and thou shalt give Pharaoh's cup into his hand, after the former manner when thou wast his butler.Yet within three days shall Pharaoh lift up thy head, and restore thee to thy place: and thou shalt deliver Pharaoh's cup into his hand, after the former manner when thou wast his butler.Within three more days, Pharaoh will lift up your head, and restore you to your office. You will give Pharaoh's cup into his hand, the way you did when you were his cupbearer.yet, within three days doth Pharaoh lift up thy head, and hath put thee back on thy station, and thou hast given the cup of Pharaoh into his hand, according to the former custom when thou wast his butler.Yet within three days shall Pharaoh lift up your head, and restore you to your place: and you shall deliver Pharaoh's cup into his hand, after the former manner when you were his butler.
Genesis 40:14 But think on me when it shall be well with thee, and shew kindness, I pray thee, unto me, and make mention of me unto Pharaoh, and bring me out of this house: But have me in thy remembrance when it shall be well with thee, and show kindness, I pray thee, unto me, and make mention of me unto Pharaoh, and bring me out of this house: Only remember me, when it shall be well with thee, and do me this kindness: to put Pharao in mind to take me out of this prison:  Only bear a remembrance with thee of me when it goes well with thee, and deal kindly, I pray thee, with me, and make mention of me to Pharaoh, and bring me out of this house; But have me in thy remembrance when it shall be well with thee, and shew kindness, I pray thee, unto me, and make mention of me unto Pharaoh, and bring me out of this house: But think on me when it shall be well with thee, and show kindness to me, I pray thee, and make mention of me to Pharaoh, and bring me out of this house: But remember me when it will be well with you, and please show kindness to me, and make mention of me to Pharaoh, and bring me out of this house.'Surely if thou hast remembered me with thee, when it is well with thee, and hast done (I pray thee) kindness with me, and hast made mention of me unto Pharaoh, then hast thou brought me out from this house, But think on me when it shall be well with you, and show kindness, I pray you, to me, and make mention of me to Pharaoh, and bring me out of this house: 
Genesis 40:15 For indeed I was stolen away out of the land of the Hebrews: and here also have I done nothing that they should put me into the dungeon.for indeed I was stolen away out of the land of the Hebrews: and here also have I done nothing that they should put me into the dungeon.For I was stolen away out of the land I of the Hebrews, and here without any fault was cast into the dungeon. for indeed I was stolen out of the land of the Hebrews, and here also have I done nothing that they should put me into the dungeon.for indeed I was stolen away out of the land of the Hebrews: and here also have I done nothing that they should put me into the dungeon.For indeed I was stolen away from the land of the Hebrews: and here also have I done nothing that they should put me into the dungeon.For indeed, I was stolen away out of the land of the Hebrews, and here also have I done nothing that they should put me into the dungeon." for I was really stolen from the land of the Hebrews; and here also have I done nothing that they have put me in the pit.' For indeed I was stolen away out of the land of the Hebrews: and here also have I done nothing that they should put me into the dungeon.
Genesis 40:16 When the chief baker saw that the interpretation was good, he said unto Joseph, I also was in my dream, and, behold, I had three white baskets on my head: When the chief baker saw that the interpretation was good, he said unto Joseph, I also was in my dream, and, behold, three baskets of white bread were on my head: The chief baker seeing that he had wisely interpreted the dream, said: I also dreamed a dream, That I bed three baskets of meal upon my heed:  And when the chief of the bakers saw that the interpretation was good, he said to Joseph, I also was in my dream, and behold, three baskets of white bread were on my head.When the chief baker saw that the interpretation was good, he said unto Joseph, I also was in my dream, and, behold, three baskets of white bread were on my head: When the chief baker saw that the interpretation was good, he said to Joseph, I also was in my dream, and behold, I had three white baskets on my head: When the chief baker saw that the interpretation was good, he said to Joseph, "I also was in my dream, and behold, three baskets of white bread were on my head. And the chief of the bakers seeth that he hath interpreted good, and he saith unto Joseph, 'I also am in a dream, and lo, three baskets of white bread are on my head, When the chief baker saw that the interpretation was good, he said to Joseph, I also was in my dream, and, behold, I had three white baskets on my head: 
Genesis 40:17 And in the uppermost basket there was of all manner of bakemeats for Pharaoh; and the birds did eat them out of the basket upon my head. And in the uppermost basket there was of all manner of baked food for Pharaoh; and the birds did eat them out of the basket upon my head. And that in one basket which was uppermost, I carried all meats that are made by the art of baking, and that the birds ate out of it. And in the uppermost basket there were all manner of victuals for Pharaoh that the baker makes, and the birds ate them out of the basket upon my head. And in the uppermost basket there was of all manner of bakemeats for Pharaoh; and the birds did eat them out of the basket upon my head. And in the uppermost basket there was of all manner of bake-meats for Pharaoh; and the birds ate them out of the basket upon my head.In the uppermost basket there was all kinds of baked food for Pharaoh, and the birds ate them out of the basket on my head." and in the uppermost basket are of all kinds of Pharaoh's food, work of a baker; and the birds are eating them out of the basket, from off my head.' And in the uppermost basket there was of all manner of bakemeats for Pharaoh; and the birds did eat them out of the basket on my head.
Genesis 40:18 And Joseph answered and said, This is the interpretation thereof: The three baskets are three days: And Joseph answered and said, This is the interpretation thereof: the three baskets are three days; Joseph answered: This is the interpretation of the dream: The three baskets are yet three days:  And Joseph answered and said, This is the interpretation of it: the three baskets are three days. And Joseph answered and said, This is the interpretation thereof: the three baskets are three days; And Joseph answered, and said, This is the interpretation of it: The three baskets are three days: Joseph answered, "This is its interpretation. The three baskets are three days. And Joseph answereth and saith, 'This is its interpretation: the three baskets are three days; And Joseph answered and said, This is the interpretation thereof: The three baskets are three days: 
Genesis 40:19 Yet within three days shall Pharaoh lift up thy head from off thee, and shall hang thee on a tree; and the birds shall eat thy flesh from off thee.within yet three days shall Pharaoh lift up thy head from off thee, and shall hang thee on a tree; and the birds shall eat thy flesh from off thee. After which Pharao will take thy hand from thee, and hang thee on a cross, and the birds shall tear thy flesh. In yet three days will Pharaoh lift up thy head from off thee, and hang thee on a tree; and the birds will eat thy flesh from off thee.within yet three days shall Pharaoh lift up thy head from off thee, and shall hang thee on a tree; and the birds shall eat thy flesh from off thee.Yet within three days shall Pharaoh lift up thy head from off thee, and shall hang thee on a tree; and the birds shall eat thy flesh from off thee.Within three more days, Pharaoh will lift up your head from off you, and will hang you on a tree; and the birds will eat your flesh from off you." yet, within three days doth Pharaoh lift up thy head from off thee, and hath hanged thee on a tree, and the birds have eaten thy flesh from off thee.' Yet within three days shall Pharaoh lift up your head from off you, and shall hang you on a tree; and the birds shall eat your flesh from off you.
Genesis 40:20 And it came to pass the third day, which was Pharaoh's birthday, that he made a feast unto all his servants: and he lifted up the head of the chief butler and of the chief baker among his servants. And it came to pass the third day, which was Pharaoh's birthday, that he made a feast unto all his servants: and he lifted up the head of the chief butler and the head of the chief baker among his servants. The third day after this was the birthday of Pharao: and he made a. great feast for his servants, and at the banquet remembered the chief butler, and the chief baker. And it came to pass the third day Pharaoh's birthday that he made a feast to all his bondmen. And he lifted up the head of the chief of the cup-bearers, and the head of the chief of the bakers among his bondmen. And it came to pass the third day, which was Pharaoh's birthday, that he made a feast unto all his servants: and he lifted up the head of the chief butler and the head of the chief baker among his servants. And it came to pass the third day, which was Pharaoh's birth-day, that he made a feast to all his servants: and he lifted up the head of the chief butler and of the chief baker among his servants.It happened the third day, which was Pharaoh's birthday, that he made a feast for all his servants, and he lifted up the head of the chief cupbearer and the head of the chief baker among his servants. And it cometh to pass, on the third day, Pharaoh's birthday, that he maketh a banquet to all his servants, and lifteth up the head of the chief of the butlers, and the head of the chief of the bakers among his servants, And it came to pass the third day, which was Pharaoh's birthday, that he made a feast to all his servants: and he lifted up the head of the chief butler and of the chief baker among his servants.
Genesis 40:21 And he restored the chief butler unto his butlership again; and he gave the cup into Pharaoh's hand: And he restored the chief butler unto his butlership again; and he gave the cup into Pharaoh's hand: And he restored the one to his place to present him the cup:  And he restored the chief of the cup-bearers to his office of cup-bearer again; and he gave the cup into Pharaoh's hand. And he restored the chief butler unto his butlership again; and he gave the cup into Pharaoh's hand: And he restored the chief butler to his butlership again; and he gave the cup into Pharaoh's hand: He restored the chief cupbearer to his position again, and he gave the cup into Pharaoh's hand; and he putteth back the chief of the butlers to his butlership, and he giveth the cup into the hand of Pharaoh; And he restored the chief butler to his butlership again; and he gave the cup into Pharaoh's hand: 
Genesis 40:22 But he hanged the chief baker: as Joseph had interpreted to them.but he hanged the chief baker: as Joseph had interpreted to them. The other he hanged on a gibbet, that the truth of the interpreter might be shewn. And he hanged the chief of the bakers, as Joseph had interpreted to them.but he hanged the chief baker: as Joseph had interpreted to them.But he hanged the chief baker: as Joseph had interpreted to them.but he hanged the chief baker, as Joseph had interpreted to them. And the chief of the bakers he hath hanged, as Joseph hath interpreted to them; But he hanged the chief baker: as Joseph had interpreted to them.
Genesis 40:23 Yet did not the chief butler remember Joseph, but forgat him.Yet did not the chief butler remember Joseph, but forgat him.But the chief butler, when things prospered with him, forgot his interpreter. But the chief of the cup-bearers did not remember Joseph, and forgot him.Yet did not the chief butler remember Joseph, but forgat him.Yet the chief butler did not remember Joseph, but forgot him.Yet the chief cupbearer didn't remember Joseph, but forgot him. And the chief of the butlers hath not remembered Joseph, but forgetteth him.Yet did not the chief butler remember Joseph, but forgot him.
Genesis 41:1 And it came to pass at the end of two full years, that Pharaoh dreamed: and, behold, he stood by the river. And it came to pass at the end of two full years, that Pharaoh dreamed: and, behold, he stood by the river. After two years Pharao had a dream. He thought he stood by the river,  And it came to pass at the end of two full years, that Pharaoh dreamed, and behold, he stood by the river. And it came to pass at the end of two full years, that Pharaoh dreamed: and, behold, he stood by the river. And it came to pass at the end of two full years, that Pharaoh dreamed: and behold, he stood by the river.It happened at the end of two full years, that Pharaoh dreamed: and behold, he stood by the river. And it cometh to pass, at the end of two years of days that Pharaoh is dreaming, and lo, he is standing by the River, And it came to pass at the end of two full years, that Pharaoh dreamed: and, behold, he stood by the river.
Genesis 41:2 And, behold, there came up out of the river seven well favoured kine and fatfleshed; and they fed in a meadow. And, behold, there came up out of the river seven kine, well-favored and fat-fleshed; and they fed in the reed-grass.Out of which came up seven kine, very beautiful and fat: and they fed in marshy places. And behold, there came up out of the river seven kine, fine-looking and fat-fleshed, and they fed in the reed-grass. And, behold, there came up out of the river seven kine, well favoured and fatfleshed; and they fed in the reed-grass. And behold, there came up out of the river seven well-favored cows and fat-fleshed; and they fed in a meadow.Behold, there came up out of the river seven cattle, sleek and fat, and they fed in the marsh grass. And lo, from the River coming up are seven kine, of fair appearance, and fat in flesh, and they feed among the reeds; And, behold, there came up out of the river seven well favored cows and fat; and they fed in a meadow.
Genesis 41:3 And, behold, seven other kine came up after them out of the river, ill favoured and leanfleshed; and stood by the other kine upon the brink of the river. And, behold, seven other kine came up after them out of the river, ill-favored and lean-fleshed, and stood by the other kine upon the brink of the river.Other seven also came up out of the river, ill favoured, and leanfleshed: and they fed on the very bank of the river, in green places:  And behold, seven other kine came up after them out of the river, bad-looking and lean-fleshed, and stood by the kine on the bank of the river. And, behold, seven other kine came up after them out of the river, ill favoured and leanfleshed; and stood by the other kine upon the brink of the river. And behold, seven other cows came up after them out of the river, ill-favored and lean-fleshed; and stood by the other cows upon the brink of the river.Behold, seven other cattle came up after them out of the river, ugly and thin, and stood by the other cattle on the brink of the river. And lo, seven other kine are coming up after them out of the River, of bad appearance, and lean in flesh, and they stand near the kine on the edge of the River, And, behold, seven other cows came up after them out of the river, ill favored and skinney; and stood by the other cows on the brink of the river.
Genesis 41:4 And the ill favoured and leanfleshed kine did eat up the seven well favoured and fat kine. So Pharaoh awoke. And the ill-favored and lean-fleshed kine did eat up the seven well-favored and fat kine. So Pharaoh awoke. And they devoured them, whose bodies were very beautiful and well conditioned. So Pharao awoke. And the kine that were bad-looking and lean-fleshed ate up the seven kine that were fine-looking and fat. And Pharaoh awoke. And the ill favoured and leanfleshed kine did eat up the seven well favoured and fat kine. So Pharaoh awoke. And the ill-favored and lean-fleshed cows ate up the seven well-favored and fat cows. So Pharaoh awoke. The ugly and thin cattle ate up the seven sleek and fat cattle. So Pharaoh awoke. And the kine of bad appearance and lean in flesh eat up the seven kine of fair appearance, and fat &#8212; and Pharaoh awaketh. And the ill favored and skinney cows did eat up the seven well favored and fat cows. So Pharaoh awoke.
Genesis 41:5 And he slept and dreamed the second time: and, behold, seven ears of corn came up upon one stalk, rank and good. And he slept and dreamed a second time: and, behold, seven ears of grain came up upon one stalk, rank and good.He slept again, and dreamed another dream: Seven ears of corn came up upon one stalk full and fair:  And he slept and dreamed the second time; and behold, seven ears of corn grew up on one stalk, fat and good. And he slept and dreamed a second time: and, behold, seven ears of corn came up upon one stalk, rank and good. And he slept and dreamed the second time: and behold, seven ears of corn came up upon one stalk, rank and good.He slept and dreamed a second time: and behold, seven heads of grain came up on one stalk, healthy and good. And he sleepeth, and dreameth a second time, and lo, seven ears are coming up on one stalk, fat and good, And he slept and dreamed the second time: and, behold, seven ears of corn came up on one stalk, rank and good.
Genesis 41:6 And, behold, seven thin ears and blasted with the east wind sprung up after them. And, behold, seven ears, thin and blasted with the east wind, sprung up after them. Then seven other ears sprung up thin and blasted,  And behold, seven ears, thin and parched with the east wind, sprung up after them. And, behold, seven ears, thin and blasted with the east wind, sprung up after them. And behold, seven thin ears and blasted with the east wind sprung up after them.Behold, seven heads of grain, thin and blasted with the east wind, sprung up after them. And lo, seven ears, thin, and blasted with an east wind, are springing up after them; And, behold, seven thin ears and blasted with the east wind sprung up after them.
Genesis 41:7 And the seven thin ears devoured the seven rank and full ears. And Pharaoh awoke, and, behold, it was a dream. And the thin ears swallowed up the seven rank and full ears. And Pharaoh awoke, and, behold, it was a dream. And devoured all the beauty of the former. Pharao awaked after his rest:  And the thin ears devoured the seven fat and full ears. And Pharaoh awoke; and behold, it was a dream. And the thin ears swallowed up the seven rank and full ears. And Pharaoh awoke, and, behold, it was a dream. And the seven thin ears devoured the seven rank and full ears. And Pharaoh awoke, and behold, it was a dream. The thin heads of grain swallowed up the seven healthy and full ears. Pharaoh awoke, and behold, it was a dream. And the thin ears swallow the seven fat and full ears &#8212; and Pharaoh awaketh, and lo, a dream. And the seven thin ears devoured the seven rank and full ears. And Pharaoh awoke, and, behold, it was a dream.
Genesis 41:8 And it came to pass in the morning that his spirit was troubled; and he sent and called for all the magicians of Egypt, and all the wise men thereof: and Pharaoh told them his dream; but there was none that could interpret them unto Pharaoh. And it came to pass in the morning that his spirit was troubled; and he sent and called for all the magicians of Egypt, and all the wise men thereof: and Pharaoh told them his dream; but there was none that could interpret them unto Pharaoh. And when morning was come, being struck with fear, he sent to all the interpreters of Egypt, and to all the wise men: and they being called for, he told them his dream, and there was not any one that could interpret it. And it came to pass in the morning, that his spirit was troubled; and he sent and called for all the scribes of Egypt, and all the sages who were therein, and Pharaoh told them his dream; but there was none to interpret them to Pharaoh. And it came to pass in the morning that his spirit was troubled; and he sent and called for all the magicians of Egypt, and all the wise men thereof: and Pharaoh told them his dream; but there was none that could interpret them unto Pharaoh. And it came to pass in the morning, that his spirit was troubled; and he sent and called for all the magicians of Egypt, and all the wise men thereof: and Pharaoh told them his dream; but there was none that could interpret them to Pharaoh.It happened in the morning that his spirit was troubled, and he sent and called for all of Egypt's magicians and wise men. Pharaoh told them his dreams, but there was no one who could interpret them to Pharaoh. And it cometh to pass in the morning, that his spirit is moved, and he sendeth and calleth all the scribes of Egypt, and all its wise men, and Pharaoh recounteth to them his dream, and there is no interpreter of them to Pharaoh. And it came to pass in the morning that his spirit was troubled; and he sent and called for all the magicians of Egypt, and all the wise men thereof: and Pharaoh told them his dream; but there was none that could interpret them to Pharaoh.
Genesis 41:9 Then spake the chief butler unto Pharaoh, saying, I do remember my faults this day: Then spake the chief butler unto Pharaoh, saying, I do remember my faults this day: Then at length the chief butler remembering, said: I confess my sin:  Then spoke the chief of the cup-bearers to Pharaoh, saying, I remember mine offences this day. Then spake the chief butler unto Pharaoh, saying, I do remember my faults this day: Then spoke the chief butler to Pharaoh, saying, I do remember my faults this day: Then the chief cupbearer spoke to Pharaoh, saying, "I remember my faults today. And the chief of the butlers speaketh with Pharaoh, saying, 'My sin I mention this day: Then spoke the chief butler to Pharaoh, saying, I do remember my faults this day: 
Genesis 41:10 Pharaoh was wroth with his servants, and put me in ward in the captain of the guard's house, both me and the chief baker: Pharaoh was wroth with his servants, and put me in ward in the house of the captain of the guard, me and the chief baker: The king being angry with his servants, commanded me and the chief baker to be cast into the prison of the captain of the soldiers:  Pharaoh was wroth with his bondmen, and put me in custody into the captain of the life-guard's house, me and the chief of the bakers.Pharaoh was wroth with his servants, and put me in ward in the house of the captain of the guard, me and the chief baker: Pharaoh was wroth with his servants, and put me in custody in the captain of the guard's house, both me, and the chief baker: Pharaoh was angry with his servants, and put me in custody in the house of the captain of the guard, me and the chief baker.Pharaoh hath been wroth against his servants, and giveth me into charge in the house of the chief of the executioners, me and the chief of the bakers; Pharaoh was wroth with his servants, and put me in ward in the captain of the guard's house, both me and the chief baker: 
Genesis 41:11 And we dreamed a dream in one night, I and he; we dreamed each man according to the interpretation of his dream. And we dreamed a dream in one night, I and he; we dreamed each man according to the interpretation of his dream.Where in one night both of us dreamed a dream foreboding things to come. And we dreamed a dream in one night, I and he; we dreamed each according to the interpretation of his dream. And we dreamed a dream in one night, I and he; we dreamed each man according to the interpretation of his dream. And we dreamed a dream in one night, I and he: we dreamed each man according to the interpretation of his dream.We dreamed a dream in one night, I and he. We dreamed each man according to the interpretation of his dream. And we dream a dream in one night, I and he, each according to the interpretation of his dream we have dreamed. And we dreamed a dream in one night, I and he; we dreamed each man according to the interpretation of his dream.
Genesis 41:12 And there was there with us a young man, an Hebrew, servant to the captain of the guard; and we told him, and he interpreted to us our dreams; to each man according to his dream he did interpret. And there was with us there a young man, a Hebrew, servant to the captain of the guard; and we told him, and he interpreted to us our dreams; to each man according to his dream he did interpret. There was there a young man a Hebrew, servant to the same captain of the soldiers: to whom we told our dreams,  And there was there with us a Hebrew youth, a bondman of the captain of the life-guard, to whom we told them, and he interpreted to us our dreams; to each he interpreted according to his dream. And there was with us there a young man, an Hebrew, servant to the captain of the guard; and we told him, and he interpreted to us our dreams; to each man according to his dream he did interpret. And there was there with us a young man, a Hebrew, servant to the captain of the guard; and we told him, and he interpreted to us our dreams; to each man according to his dream he interpreted. There was with us there a young man, a Hebrew, servant to the captain of the guard, and we told him, and he interpreted to us our dreams. To each man according to his dream he interpreted. And there is with us a youth, a Hebrew, servant to the chief of the executioners, and we recount to him, and he interpreteth to us our dreams, to each according to his dream hath he interpreted, And there was there with us a young man, an Hebrew, servant to the captain of the guard; and we told him, and he interpreted to us our dreams; to each man according to his dream he did interpret.
Genesis 41:13 And it came to pass, as he interpreted to us, so it was; me he restored unto mine office, and him he hanged. And it came to pass, as he interpreted to us, so it was; me he restored unto mine office, and him he hanged. And we heard what afterwards the event of the thing proved to be so. For I was restored to my office: and he was hanged upon a gibbet. And it came to pass, just as he interpreted to us, so it came about: me has he restored to my office, and him he hanged. And it came to pass, as he interpreted to us, so it was; me he restored unto mine office, and him he hanged. And it came to pass, as he interpreted to us, so it was: me he restored to my office, and him he hanged.It happened, as he interpreted to us, so it was: he restored me to my office, and he hanged him." and it cometh to pass, as he hath interpreted to us so it hath been, me he put back on my station, and him he hanged.' And it came to pass, as he interpreted to us, so it was; me he restored to my office, and him he hanged.
Genesis 41:14 Then Pharaoh sent and called Joseph, and they brought him hastily out of the dungeon: and he shaved himself, and changed his raiment, and came in unto Pharaoh. Then Pharaoh sent and called Joseph, and they brought him hastily out of the dungeon: and he shaved himself, and changed his raiment, and came in unto Pharaoh.Forthwith at the king's command, Joseph was brought out of the prison, and they shaved him, and changing his apparel, brought him in to him. Then Pharaoh sent and called Joseph; and they brought him hastily out of the dungeon. And he shaved himself, and changed his clothes, and came in to Pharaoh. Then Pharaoh sent and called Joseph, and they brought him hastily out of the dungeon: and he shaved himself, and changed his raiment, and came in unto Pharaoh. Then Pharaoh sent and called Joseph, and they brought him hastily out of the dungeon: and he shaved himself, and changed his raiment, and came before Pharaoh. Then Pharaoh sent and called Joseph, and they brought him hastily out of the dungeon. He shaved himself, changed his clothing, and came in to Pharaoh. And Pharaoh sendeth and calleth Joseph, and they cause him to run out of the pit, and he shaveth, and changeth his garments, and cometh in unto Pharaoh. Then Pharaoh sent and called Joseph, and they brought him hastily out of the dungeon: and he shaved himself, and changed his raiment, and came in to Pharaoh.
Genesis 41:15 And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, I have dreamed a dream, and there is none that can interpret it: and I have heard say of thee, that thou canst understand a dream to interpret it. And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, I have dreamed a dream, and there is none that can interpret it: and I have heard say of thee, that when thou hearest a dream thou canst interpret it. And he said to him: I have dreamed dreams, and there is no one that can expound them: Now I have heard that thou art very wise at interpreting them. And Pharaoh said to Joseph, I have dreamt a dream, and there is none to interpret it. And I have heard say of thee, thou understandest a dream to interpret it. And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, I have dreamed a dream, and there is none that can interpret it: and I have heard say of thee, that when thou hearest a dream thou canst interpret it. And Pharaoh said to Joseph, I have dreamed a dream, and there is none that can interpret it: and I have heard it said of thee, that thou canst understand a dream to interpret it.Pharaoh said to Joseph, "I have dreamed a dream, and there is no one who can interpret it. I have heard it said of you, that when you hear a dream you can interpret it." And Pharaoh saith unto Joseph, 'A dream I have dreamed, and there is no interpreter of it, and I &#8212; I have heard concerning thee, saying, Thou understandest a dream to interpret it,' And Pharaoh said to Joseph, I have dreamed a dream, and there is none that can interpret it: and I have heard say of you, that you can understand a dream to interpret it.
Genesis 41:16 And Joseph answered Pharaoh, saying, It is not in me: God shall give Pharaoh an answer of peace. And Joseph answered Pharaoh, saying, It is not in me: God will give Pharaoh an answer of peace.Joseph answered: Without me, God shall give Pharao a prosperous answer. And Joseph answered Pharaoh, saying, It is not in me: God will give Pharaoh an answer of peace. And Joseph answered Pharaoh, saying, It is not in me: God shall give Pharaoh an answer of peace. And Joseph answered Pharaoh, saying, It is not in me: God will give Pharaoh an answer of peace.Joseph answered Pharaoh, saying, "It isn't in me. God will give Pharaoh an answer of peace." and Joseph answereth Pharaoh, saying, 'Without me &#8212; God doth answer Pharaoh with peace.' And Joseph answered Pharaoh, saying, It is not in me: God shall give Pharaoh an answer of peace.
Genesis 41:17 And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, In my dream, behold, I stood upon the bank of the river: And Pharaoh spake unto Joseph, In my dream, behold, I stood upon the brink of the river: So Pharao told what he had dreamed: Methought I stood upon the bank of the river,  And Pharaoh said to Joseph, In my dream, behold, I stood on the bank of the river. And Pharaoh spake unto Joseph, In my dream, behold, I stood upon the brink of the river: And Pharaoh said to Joseph, In my dream, behold, I stood upon the bank of the river: Pharaoh spoke to Joseph, "In my dream, behold, I stood on the brink of the river: And Pharaoh speaketh unto Joseph: 'In my dream, lo, I am standing by the edge of the River, And Pharaoh said to Joseph, In my dream, behold, I stood on the bank of the river: 
Genesis 41:18 And, behold, there came up out of the river seven kine, fatfleshed and well favoured; and they fed in a meadow: and, behold, there came up out of the river seven kine, fat-fleshed and well-favored: and they fed in the reed-grass: And seven kine came up out of the river exceeding beautiful and full of flesh: and they grazed on green places in a marshy pasture. And behold, there came up out of the river seven kine, fat-fleshed and of fine form, and they fed in the reed-grass. And, behold, there came up out of the river seven kine, fatfleshed and well favoured; and they fed in the reed-grass: And behold, there came out of the river seven cows, fat-fleshed, and well-favored; and they fed in a meadow: and behold, there came up out of the river seven cattle, fat and sleek. They fed in the marsh grass, and lo, out of the River coming up are seven kine, fat in flesh, and of fair form, and they feed among the reeds; And, behold, there came up out of the river seven cows, fat and well favored; and they fed in a meadow: 
Genesis 41:19 And, behold, seven other kine came up after them, poor and very ill favoured and leanfleshed, such as I never saw in all the land of Egypt for badness: and, behold, seven other kine came up after them, poor and very ill-favored and lean-fleshed, such as I never saw in all the land of Egypt for badness: And behold, there followed these, other seven kine, so very ill favoured and lean, that I never saw the like in the land of Egypt:  And behold, seven other kine came up after them, poor, and very ill-formed, and lean-fleshed such as I never saw in all the land of Egypt for badness. And, behold, seven other kine came up after them, poor and very ill favoured and leanfleshed, such as I never saw in all the land of Egypt for badness: And behold, seven other cows came out after them, poor, and very ill-favored, and lean-fleshed, such as I never saw in all the land of Egypt for badness: and behold, seven other cattle came up after them, poor and very ugly and thin, such as I never saw in all the land of Egypt for ugliness. And lo, seven other kine are coming up after them, thin, and of very bad form, and lean in flesh; I have not seen like these in all the land of Egypt for badness. And, behold, seven other cows came up after them, poor and very ill favored and skinney, such as I never saw in all the land of Egypt for badness: 
Genesis 41:20 And the lean and the ill favoured kine did eat up the first seven fat kine: and the lean and ill-favored kine did eat up the first seven fat kine: And the devoured and consumed the former,  And the lean and bad kine ate up the seven first fat kine; and the lean and ill favoured kine did eat up the first seven fat kine: And the lean and the ill-favored cows ate up the first seven fat cows: The thin and ugly cattle ate up the first seven fat cattle, 'And the lean and the bad kine eat up the first seven fat kine, And the lean and the ill favored cows did eat up the first seven fat cows: 
Genesis 41:21 And when they had eaten them up, it could not be known that they had eaten them; but they were still ill favoured, as at the beginning. So I awoke. And when they had eaten them up, it could not be known that they had eaten them; but they were still ill-favored, as at the beginning. So I awoke. And yet gave no mark of their being full: but were as lean and ill favoured as before. I awoke, and then fell asleep again,  and they came into their belly, and it could not be known that they had come into their belly; and their look was bad, as at the beginning. And I awoke. And when they had eaten them up, it could not be known that they had eaten them; but they were still ill favoured, as at the beginning. So I awoke. And when they had eaten them up, it could not be known that they had eaten them; but they were still ill-favored, as at the beginning. So I awoke. And when they had eaten them up, it couldn't be known that they had eaten them, but they were still ugly, as at the beginning. So I awoke. And they come in unto their midst, and it hath not been known that they have come in unto their midst, and their appearance is bad as at the commencement; and I awake. And when they had eaten them up, it could not be known that they had eaten them; but they were still ill favored, as at the beginning. So I awoke.
Genesis 41:22 And I saw in my dream, and, behold, seven ears came up in one stalk, full and good: And I saw in my dream, and, behold, seven ears came up upon one stalk, full and good: And dreamed a dream: Seven ears of corn grew upon one stalk, full and very fair. And I saw in my dream, and behold, seven ears came up on one stalk, full and good. And I saw in my dream, and, behold, seven ears came up upon one stalk, full and good: And I saw in my dream, and behold, seven ears came up on one stalk, full and good: I saw in my dream, and behold, seven heads of grain came up on one stalk, full and good: 'And I see in my dream, and lo, seven ears are coming up on one stalk, full and good; And I saw in my dream, and, behold, seven ears came up in one stalk, full and good: 
Genesis 41:23 And, behold, seven ears, withered, thin, and blasted with the east wind, sprung up after them: and, behold, seven ears, withered, thin, and blasted with the east wind, sprung up after them: Other seven also thin and blasted, sprung of the stock:  And behold, seven ears, withered, thin, parched with the east wind, sprung up after them; and, behold, seven ears, withered, thin, and blasted with the east wind, sprung up after them: And behold, seven ears, withered, thin, and blasted with the east wind, sprung up after them: and behold, seven heads of grain, withered, thin, and blasted with the east wind, sprung up after them. And lo, seven ears, withered, thin, blasted with an east wind, are springing up after them; And, behold, seven ears, withered, thin, and blasted with the east wind, sprung up after them: 
Genesis 41:24 And the thin ears devoured the seven good ears: and I told this unto the magicians; but there was none that could declare it to me. And the thin ears swallowed up the seven good ears: and I told it unto the magicians; but there was none that could declare it to me. And they devoured the beauty of the former: I told this dream to the conjecturers, and there is no man that can expound it. and the thin ears devoured the seven good ears. And I told it to the scribes; but there was none to make it known to me. And the thin ears swallowed up the seven good ears: and I told it unto the magicians; but there was none that could declare it to me. And the thin ears devoured the seven good ears: and I told this to the magicians; but there was none that could explain it to me. The thin heads of grain swallowed up the seven good heads of grain. I told it to the magicians, but there was no one who could explain it to me." and the thin ears swallow the seven good ears; and I tell unto the scribes, and there is none declaring to me.' And the thin ears devoured the seven good ears: and I told this to the magicians; but there was none that could declare it to me.
Genesis 41:25 And Joseph said unto Pharaoh, The dream of Pharaoh is one: God hath shewed Pharaoh what he is about to do. And Joseph said unto Pharaoh, The dream of Pharaoh is one: what God is about to do he hath declared unto Pharaoh.Joseph answered: The king's dream is one: God hath shewn to Pharao what he is about to do. And Joseph said to Pharaoh, The dream of Pharaoh is one. What God will do he has made known to Pharaoh. And Joseph said unto Pharaoh, The dream of Pharaoh is one: what God is about to do he hath declared unto Pharaoh. And Joseph said to Pharaoh, The dream of Pharaoh is one; God hath showed Pharaoh what he is about to do.Joseph said to Pharaoh, "The dream of Pharaoh is one. What God is about to do he has declared to Pharaoh. And Joseph saith unto Pharaoh, 'The dream of Pharaoh is one: that which God is doing he hath declared to Pharaoh; And Joseph said to Pharaoh, The dream of Pharaoh is one: God has showed Pharaoh what he is about to do.
Genesis 41:26 The seven good kine are seven years; and the seven good ears are seven years: the dream is one. The seven good kine are seven years; and the seven good ears are seven years: the dream is one. The seven beautiful kine, and the seven full ears, are seven years of plenty: and both contain the same meaning of the dream. The seven fine kine are seven years; and the seven good ears are seven years: the dream is one. The seven good kine are seven years; and the seven good ears are seven years: the dream is one. The seven good cows are seven years; and the seven good ears are seven years: the dream is one. The seven good cattle are seven years; and the seven good heads of grain are seven years. The dream is one. The seven good kine are seven years, and the seven good ears are seven years, the dream is one; The seven good cows are seven years; and the seven good ears are seven years: the dream is one.
Genesis 41:27 And the seven thin and ill favoured kine that came up after them are seven years; and the seven empty ears blasted with the east wind shall be seven years of famine. And the seven lean and ill-favored kine that came up after them are seven years, and also the seven empty ears blasted with the east wind; they shall be seven years of famine. And the seven lean and thin kine that came up after them, and the seven thin ears that were blasted with the burning wind, are seven years of famine to come:  And the seven lean and bad kine that came up after them are seven years; and the seven empty ears, parched with the east wind, will be seven years of famine. And the seven lean and ill favoured kine that came up after them are seven years, and also the seven empty ears blasted with the east wind; they shall be seven years of famine. And the seven thin and ill-favored cows that came up after them are seven years; and the seven empty ears blasted with the east wind will be seven years of famine. The seven thin and ugly cattle that came up after them are seven years, and also the seven empty heads of grain blasted with the east wind; they will be seven years of famine. And the seven thin and bad kine which are coming up after them are seven years, and the seven empty ears, blasted with an east wind, are seven years of famine; And the seven thin and ill favored cows that came up after them are seven years; and the seven empty ears blasted with the east wind shall be seven years of famine.
Genesis 41:28 This is the thing which I have spoken unto Pharaoh: What God is about to do he sheweth unto Pharaoh. That is the thing which I spake unto Pharaoh: what God is about to do he hath showed unto Pharaoh.Which shall be fulfilled in this order:  This is the word which I have spoken to Pharaoh: what God is about to do he has let Pharaoh see. That is the thing which I spake unto Pharaoh: what God is about to do he hath shewed unto Pharaoh. This is the thing which I have spoken to Pharaoh: What God is about to do he showeth to Pharaoh. That is the thing which I spoke to Pharaoh. What God is about to do he has shown to Pharaoh. This is the thing which I have spoken unto Pharaoh: That which God is doing, he hath shewn Pharaoh. This is the thing which I have spoken to Pharaoh: What God is about to do he shows to Pharaoh.
Genesis 41:29 Behold, there come seven years of great plenty throughout all the land of Egypt: Behold, there come seven years of great plenty throughout all the land of Egypt: Behold, there shall come seven years of great plenty in the whole land of Egypt:  Behold, there come seven years of great plenty throughout the land of Egypt.Behold, there come seven years of great plenty throughout all the land of Egypt: Behold, there come seven years of great plenty throughout all the land of Egypt: Behold, there come seven years of great plenty throughout all the land of Egypt.'Lo, seven years are coming of great abundance in all the land of Egypt, Behold, there come seven years of great plenty throughout all the land of Egypt: 
Genesis 41:30 And there shall arise after them seven years of famine; and all the plenty shall be forgotten in the land of Egypt; and the famine shall consume the land; and there shall arise after them seven years of famine; and all the plenty shall be forgotten in the land of Egypt; and the famine shall consume the land; After which shall follow other seven years of so great scacity, that all the abundance before shall be forgotten: for the famine shall consume all the land,  And there will arise after them seven years of famine; and all the plenty will be forgotten in the land of Egypt, and the famine will waste away the land. And there shall arise after them seven years of famine; and all the plenty shall be forgotten in the land of Egypt; and the famine shall consume the land; And there shall arise after them seven years of famine; and all the plenty shall be forgotten in the land of Egypt; and the famine shall consume the land; There will arise after them seven years of famine, and all the plenty will be forgotten in the land of Egypt. The famine will consume the land, and seven years of famine have arisen after them, and all the plenty is forgotten in the land of Egypt, and the famine hath finished the land, And there shall arise after them seven years of famine; and all the plenty shall be forgotten in the land of Egypt; and the famine shall consume the land; 
Genesis 41:31 And the plenty shall not be known in the land by reason of that famine following; for it shall be very grievous. And the plenty shall not be known in the land by reason of that famine which followeth; for it shall be very grievous. And the greatness of the scarcity shall destroy the greatness of the plenty. And the plenty will not be known afterwards in the land by reason of that famine; for it will be very grievous. And the plenty shall not be known in the land by reason of that famine which followeth; for it shall be very grievous. And the plenty shall not be known in the land by reason of the famine following: for it will be very grievous. And the plenty will not be known in the land by reason of that famine which follows; for it will be very grievous. And the plenty is not known in the land because of that famine afterwards, for it is very grievous. And the plenty shall not be known in the land by reason of that famine following; for it shall be very grievous.
Genesis 41:32 And for that the dream was doubled unto Pharaoh twice; it is because the thing is established by God, and God will shortly bring it to pass. And for that the dream was doubled unto Pharaoh, it is because the thing is established by God, and God will shortly bring it to pass. And for that thou didst see the second time a dream pertaining to the same thing: it is a token of the certainty, and that the word of God cometh to pass, and is fulfilled speedily. And as regards the double repetition of the dream to Pharaoh, it is that the thing is established by God, and God will hasten to do it. And for that the dream was doubled unto Pharaoh twice, it is because the thing is established by God, and God will shortly bring it to pass. And for that the dream was doubled to Pharaoh twice; it is because the thing is established by God, and God will shortly bring it to pass. The dream was doubled to Pharaoh, because the thing is established by God, and God will shortly bring it to pass.'And because of the repeating of the dream unto Pharaoh twice, surely the thing is established by God, and God is hastening to do it. And for that the dream was doubled to Pharaoh twice; it is because the thing is established by God, and God will shortly bring it to pass.
Genesis 41:33 Now therefore let Pharaoh look out a man discreet and wise, and set him over the land of Egypt.Now therefore let Pharaoh look out a man discreet and wise, and set him over the land of Egypt.Now therefore let the king provide a wise and industrious man, and make him ruler over the land of Egypt:  And now let Pharaoh look himself out a man discreet and wise, and set him over the land of Egypt.Now therefore let Pharaoh look out a man discreet and wise, and set him over the land of Egypt.Now therefore let Pharaoh look out a man discreet and wise, and set him over the land of Egypt."Now therefore let Pharaoh look for a discreet and wise man, and set him over the land of Egypt.'And now, let Pharaoh provide a man, intelligent and wise, and set him over the land of Egypt; Now therefore let Pharaoh look out a man discreet and wise, and set him over the land of Egypt.
Genesis 41:34 Let Pharaoh do this, and let him appoint officers over the land, and take up the fifth part of the land of Egypt in the seven plenteous years.Let Pharaoh do this , and let him appoint overseers over the land, and take up the fifth part of the land of Egypt in the seven plenteous years. That he may appoint overseers over all the countries: and gather into barns the fifth part of the fruits, during the seven fruitful years,  Let Pharaoh do this: let him appoint overseers over the land, and take the fifth part of the land of Egypt during the seven years of plenty, Let Pharaoh do this, and let him appoint overseers over the land, and take up the fifth part of the land of Egypt in the seven plenteous years.Let Pharaoh do this, and let him appoint officers over the land, and take up the fifth part of the land of Egypt in the seven plenteous years.Let Pharaoh do this, and let him appoint overseers over the land, and take up the fifth part of the land of Egypt's produce in the seven plenteous years.let Pharaoh make and appoint overseers over the land, and receive a fifth of the land of Egypt in the seven years of plenty, Let Pharaoh do this, and let him appoint officers over the land, and take up the fifth part of the land of Egypt in the seven plenteous years.
Genesis 41:35 And let them gather all the food of those good years that come, and lay up corn under the hand of Pharaoh, and let them keep food in the cities. And let them gather all the food of these good years that come, and lay up grain under the hand of Pharaoh for food in the cities, and let them keep it. That shall now presently ensue: and let all the corn be laid up under Pharao's hands and be reserved in the cities. and let them gather all the food of these coming good years, and lay up corn under the hand of Pharaoh, for food in the cities, and keep it. And let them gather all the food of these good years that come, and lay up corn under the hand of Pharaoh for food in the cities, and let them keep it. And let them gather all the food of those good years that come, and lay up corn under the hand of Pharaoh; and let them keep food in the cities.Let them gather all the food of these good years that come, and lay up grain under the hand of Pharaoh for food in the cities, and let them keep it. And they gather all the food of these good years that are coming, and heap up corn under the hand of Pharaoh &#8212; food in the cities; and they have kept it, And let them gather all the food of those good years that come, and lay up corn under the hand of Pharaoh, and let them keep food in the cities.
Genesis 41:36 And that food shall be for store to the land against the seven years of famine, which shall be in the land of Egypt; that the land perish not through the famine. And the food shall be for a store to the land against the seven years of famine, which shall be in the land of Egypt; that the land perish not through the famine. And let it be in readiness, against the famine of seven years to come, which shall oppress Egypt, and the land shall not consumed with scarcity. And let the food be as store for the land for the seven years of famine, which will be in the land of Egypt, that the land perish not through the famine. And the food shall be for a store to the land against the seven years of famine, which shall be in the land of Egypt; that the land perish not through the famine. And that food shall be for store to the land against the seven years of famine, which shall be in the land of Egypt; that the land may not perish through the famine. The food will be for a store to the land against the seven years of famine, which will be in the land of Egypt; that the land not perish through the famine." and the food hath been for a store for the land, for the seven years of famine which are in the land of Egypt; and the land is cut off by the famine.' And that food shall be for store to the land against the seven years of famine, which shall be in the land of Egypt; that the land perish not through the famine.
Genesis 41:37 And the thing was good in the eyes of Pharaoh, and in the eyes of all his servants. And the thing was good in the eyes of Pharaoh, and in the eyes of all his servants. The counsel pleased Pharao and all his servants. And the word was good in the eyes of Pharaoh, and in the eyes of all his bondmen. And the thing was good in the eyes of Pharaoh, and in the eyes of all his servants. And the thing was good in the eyes of Pharaoh, and in the eyes of all his servants. The thing was good in the eyes of Pharaoh, and in the eyes of all his servants. And the thing is good in the eyes of Pharaoh, and in the eyes of all his servants, And the thing was good in the eyes of Pharaoh, and in the eyes of all his servants.
Genesis 41:38 And Pharaoh said unto his servants, Can we find such a one as this is, a man in whom the Spirit of God is? And Pharaoh said unto his servants, Can we find such a one as this, a man in whom the spirit of God is? And he said to them: Can we find such another man, that is full of the spirit of God?  And Pharaoh said to his bondmen, Shall we find one as this, a man in whom the Spirit of God is? And Pharaoh said unto his servants, Can we find such a one as this, a man in whom the spirit of God is? And Pharaoh said to his servants, Can we find such a man as this is, a man in whom the spirit of God is? Pharaoh said to his servants, "Can we find such a one as this, a man in whom is the Spirit of God?" and Pharaoh saith unto his servants, 'Do we find like this, a man in whom the spirit of God is?' And Pharaoh said to his servants, Can we find such a one as this is, a man in whom the Spirit of God is? 
Genesis 41:39 And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, Forasmuch as God hath shewed thee all this, there is none so discreet and wise as thou art: And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, Forasmuch as God hath showed thee all of this, there is none so discreet and wise as thou: He said therefore to Joseph: Seeing God hath shewn thee all that thou hast said, can I find one wiser and one like unto thee?  And Pharaoh said to Joseph, Since God has made all this known to thee, there is none so discreet and wise as thou. And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, Forasmuch as God hath shewed thee all this, there is none so discreet and wise as thou: And Pharaoh said to Joseph, Forasmuch as God hath shown thee all this, there is none so discreet and wise as thou art: Pharaoh said to Joseph, "Because God has shown you all of this, there is none so discreet and wise as you. And Pharaoh saith unto Joseph, 'After God's causing thee to know all this, there is none intelligent and wise as thou; And Pharaoh said to Joseph, For as much as God has showed you all this, there is none so discreet and wise as you are: 
Genesis 41:40 Thou shalt be over my house, and according unto thy word shall all my people be ruled: only in the throne will I be greater than thou. Thou shalt be over my house, and according unto thy word shall all my people be ruled: only in the throne will I be greater than thou. Thou shalt be over my house, and at the commandment of thy mouth all the people shall obey: only in the kingly throne will I be above thee. Thou shalt be over my house, and according to thy commandment shall all my people regulate themselves; only concerning the throne will I be greater than thou. Thou shalt be over my house, and according unto thy word shall all my people be ruled: only in the throne will I be greater than thou. Thou shalt be over my house, and according to thy word shall all my people be ruled: only in the throne will I be greater than thou.You shall be over my house, and according to your word will all my people be ruled. Only in the throne I will be greater than you." thou &#8212; thou art over my house, and at thy mouth do all my people kiss; only in the throne I am greater than thou.' You shall be over my house, and according to your word shall all my people be ruled: only in the throne will I be greater than you.
Genesis 41:41 And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, See, I have set thee over all the land of Egypt. And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, See, I have set thee over all the land of Egypt. And again Pharao said to Joseph: Behold, I have appointed thee over the whole land of Egypt. And Pharaoh said to Joseph, See, I have set thee over all the land of Egypt. And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, See, I have set thee over all the land of Egypt. And Pharaoh said to Joseph, See, I have set thee over all the land of Egypt.Pharaoh said to Joseph, "Behold, I have set you over all the land of Egypt." And Pharaoh saith unto Joseph, 'See, I have put thee over all the land of Egypt.' And Pharaoh said to Joseph, See, I have set you over all the land of Egypt.
Genesis 41:42 And Pharaoh took off his ring from his hand, and put it upon Joseph's hand, and arrayed him in vestures of fine linen, and put a gold chain about his neck; And Pharaoh took off his signet ring from his hand, and put it upon Joseph's hand, and arrayed him in vestures of fine linen, and put a gold chain about his neck; And he took his ring from his own hand, and gave it into his hand: and he put upon him a robe of silk, and put a chain of gold about his neck. And Pharaoh took off his ring from his hand, and put it on Joseph's hand, and arrayed him in clothes of byssus, and put a gold chain on his neck. And Pharaoh took off his signet ring from his hand, and put it upon Joseph's hand, and arrayed him in vestures of fine linen, and put a gold chain about his neck; And Pharaoh took off his ring from his hand, and put it upon Joseph's hand, and arrayed him in vestures of fine linen, and put a gold chain about his neck; Pharaoh took off his signet ring from his hand, and put it on Joseph's hand, and arrayed him in robes of fine linen, and put a gold chain about his neck, And Pharaoh turneth aside his seal-ring from off his hand, and putteth it on the hand of Joseph, and clotheth him with garments of fine linen, and placeth a chain of gold on his neck, And Pharaoh took off his ring from his hand, and put it on Joseph's hand, and arrayed him in clothing of fine linen, and put a gold chain about his neck; 
Genesis 41:43 And he made him to ride in the second chariot which he had; and they cried before him, Bow the knee: and he made him ruler over all the land of Egypt. And he made him to ride in the second chariot which he had; and they cried before him, Bow the knee: and he set him over all the land of Egypt. And he made him go up into his second chariot, the crier proclaiming that all should bow their knee before him, and that they should know he was made govenor over the whole land of Egypt. And he caused him to ride in the second chariot that he had; and they cried before him, Bow the knee! and he set him over all the land of Egypt. And he made him to ride in the second chariot which he had; and they cried before him, Bow the knee: and he set him over all the land of Egypt. And he made him to ride in the second chariot which he had: and they cried before him, Bow the knee: and he made him ruler over all the land of Egypt. And he made him to ride in the second chariot which he had. They cried before him, "Bow the knee!" He set him over all the land of Egypt. And causeth him to ride in the second chariot which he hath, and they proclaim before him, 'Bow the knee!' and &#8212; to put him over all the land of Egypt. And he made him to ride in the second chariot which he had; and they cried before him, Bow the knee: and he made him ruler over all the land of Egypt.
Genesis 41:44 And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, I am Pharaoh, and without thee shall no man lift up his hand or foot in all the land of Egypt. And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, I am Pharaoh, and without thee shall no man lift up his hand or his foot in all the land of Egypt. And the king said to Joseph: I am Pharao; without thy commandment no man shall move hand or foot in all the land of Egypt. And Pharaoh said to Joseph, I am Pharaoh; and without thee shall no man lift up his hand or his foot in all the land of Egypt. And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, I am Pharaoh, and without thee shall no man lift up his hand or his foot in all the land of Egypt. And Pharaoh said to Joseph, I am Pharaoh, and without thee shall no man lift up his hand or foot in all the land of Egypt.Pharaoh said to Joseph, "I am Pharaoh, and without you shall no man lift up his hand or his foot in all the land of Egypt." And Pharaoh saith unto Joseph, 'I am Pharaoh, and without thee a man doth not lift up his hand and his foot in all the land of Egypt;' And Pharaoh said to Joseph, I am Pharaoh, and without you shall no man lift up his hand or foot in all the land of Egypt.
Genesis 41:45 And Pharaoh called Joseph's name Zaphnathpaaneah; and he gave him to wife Asenath the daughter of Potipherah priest of On. And Joseph went out over all the land of Egypt. And Pharaoh called Joseph's name Zaphenath-paneah; and he gave him to wife Asenath, the daughter of Poti-phera priest of On. And Joseph went out over the land of Egypt. And he turned his name, and called him in the Eyyptian tounge, The saviour of the world. And he gave him to wife Asenth the daughter of Putiphare priest of Heliopolis. Then Joseph went out to the land of Egypt:  And Pharaoh called Joseph's name Zaphnath-paaneah, and gave him as wife Asnath the daughter of Potipherah the priest in On. And Joseph went out over the land of Egypt. And Pharaoh called Joseph's name Zaphenath-paneah; and he gave him to wife Asenath the daughter of Poti-phera priest of On. And Joseph went out over the land of Egypt. And Pharaoh called Joseph's name Zaphnath-paaneah; and he gave him for a wife Asenath the daughter of Poti-pherah priest of On: and Joseph went over all the land of Egypt.Pharaoh called Joseph's name Zaphenath-Paneah; and he gave him Asenath, the daughter of Potiphera priest of On as a wife. Joseph went out over the land of Egypt. And Pharaoh calleth Joseph's name Zaphnath-Paaneah, and he giveth to him Asenath daughter of Poti-Pherah, priest of On, for a wife, and Joseph goeth out over the land of Egypt. And Pharaoh called Joseph's name Zaphnathpaaneah; and he gave him to wife Asenath the daughter of Potipherah priest of On. And Joseph went out over all the land of Egypt.
Genesis 41:46 And Joseph was thirty years old when he stood before Pharaoh king of Egypt. And Joseph went out from the presence of Pharaoh, and went throughout all the land of Egypt. And Joseph was thirty years old when he stood before Pharaoh king of Egypt. And Joseph went out from the presence of Pharaoh, and went throughout all the land of Egypt.(Now he was thirty years old when he stood before king Pharao) and he went round all the countries of Egypt. And Joseph was thirty years old when he stood before Pharaoh king of Egypt. And Joseph went out from Pharaoh, and passed through the whole land of Egypt. And Joseph was thirty years old when he stood before Pharaoh king of Egypt. And Joseph went out from the presence of Pharaoh, and went throughout all the land of Egypt. And Joseph was thirty years old when he stood before Pharaoh king of Egypt: and Joseph went out from the presence of Pharaoh, and went throughout all the land of Egypt.Joseph was thirty years old when he stood before Pharaoh king of Egypt. Joseph went out from the presence of Pharaoh, and went throughout all the land of Egypt. And Joseph is a son of thirty years in his standing before Pharaoh king of Egypt, and Joseph goeth out from the presence of Pharaoh, and passeth over through all the land of Egypt; And Joseph was thirty years old when he stood before Pharaoh king of Egypt. And Joseph went out from the presence of Pharaoh, and went throughout all the land of Egypt.
Genesis 41:47 And in the seven plenteous years the earth brought forth by handfuls. And in the seven plenteous years the earth brought forth by handfuls. And the fruitfulness of the seven years came: and the corm being bound up into sheaves was gathered together into the barns of Egypt. And in the seven years of plenty the land brought forth by handfuls. And in the seven plenteous years the earth brought forth by handfuls. And in the seven plenteous years the earth brought forth by handfulls.In the seven plenteous years the earth brought forth abundantly. And the land maketh in the seven years of plenty by handfuls. And in the seven plenteous years the earth brought forth by handfuls.
Genesis 41:48 And he gathered up all the food of the seven years, which were in the land of Egypt, and laid up the food in the cities: the food of the field, which was round about every city, laid he up in the same. And he gathered up all the food of the seven years which were in the land of Egypt, and laid up the food in the cities: the food of the field, which was round about every city, laid he up in the same. And all the abundance of grain was laid up in every city. And he gathered up all the food of the seven years that was in the land of Egypt, and put the food in the cities; the food of the fields of the city, which were round about it, he laid up in it. And he gathered up all the food of the seven years which were in the land of Egypt, and laid up the food in the cities: the food of the field, which was round about every city, laid he up in the same. And he gathered all the food of the seven years which were in the land of Egypt, and laid up the food in the cities: the food of the field which was around every city, he laid up in the same.He gathered up all the food of the seven years which were in the land of Egypt, and laid up the food in the cities: the food of the field, which was around every city, he laid up in the same. And he gathereth all the food of the seven years which have been in the land of Egypt, and putteth food in the cities; the food of the field which is round about each city hath he put in its midst; And he gathered up all the food of the seven years, which were in the land of Egypt, and laid up the food in the cities: the food of the field, which was round about every city, laid he up in the same.
Genesis 41:49 And Joseph gathered corn as the sand of the sea, very much, until he left numbering; for it was without number. And Joseph laid up grain as the sand of the sea, very much, until he left off numbering; for it was without number. And there was so great abundance of wheat, that it was equal to the sand of the sea, and the plenty exceeded measure. And Joseph laid up corn as sand of the sea exceeding much, until they left off numbering; for it was without number. And Joseph laid up corn as the sand of the sea, very much, until he left numbering; for it was without number. And Joseph gathered corn as the sand of the sea, very much, until he left numbering; for it was without number.Joseph laid up grain as the sand of the sea, very much, until he stopped counting, for it was without number. And Joseph gathereth corn as sand of the sea, multiplying exceedingly, until that he hath ceased to number, for there is no number. And Joseph gathered corn as the sand of the sea, very much, until he left numbering; for it was without number.
Genesis 41:50 And unto Joseph were born two sons before the years of famine came, which Asenath the daughter of Potipherah priest of On bare unto him. And unto Joseph were born two sons before the year of famine came, whom Asenath, the daughter of Potiphera priest of On, bare unto him. And before the famine came, Joseph had two sons born: whom Aseneth the daughter of Putiphare priest of Heliopolis bore unto him. And to Joseph were born two sons before the year of famine came, whom Asnath the daughter of Potipherah the priest in On bore to him. And unto Joseph were born two sons before the year of famine came, which Asenath the daughter of Poti-phera priest of On bare unto him. And to Joseph were born two sons before the years of famine came: which Asenath the daughter of Poti-pherah priest of On bore to him. To Joseph were born two sons before the year of famine came, whom Asenath, the daughter of Potiphera priest of On, bore to him. And to Joseph were born two sons before the year of famine cometh, whom Asenath daughter of Poti-Pherah, priest of On, hath borne to him, And to Joseph were born two sons before the years of famine came, which Asenath the daughter of Potipherah priest of On bore to him.
Genesis 41:51 And Joseph called the name of the firstborn Manasseh: For God, said he, hath made me forget all my toil, and all my father's house. And Joseph called the name of the first-born Manasseh: For,'said he , God hath made me forget all my toil, and all my father's house. And he called the name of the first born Manasses, saying: God hath made me to forget all my labours, and my father's house. And Joseph called the name of the firstborn Manasseh For God has made me forget all my toil, and all my father's house. And Joseph called the name of the firstborn Manasseh: For, said he, God hath made me forget all my toil, and all my father's house. And Joseph called the name of the first-born Manasseh: For God, said he, hath made me forget all my toil, and all my father's house.Joseph called the name of the firstborn Manasseh, "For," he said, "God has made me forget all my toil, and all my father's house." and Joseph calleth the name of the first-born Manasseh: 'for, God hath made me to forget all my labour, and all the house of my father;' And Joseph called the name of the firstborn Manasseh: For God, said he, has made me forget all my toil, and all my father's house.
Genesis 41:52 And the name of the second called he Ephraim: For God hath caused me to be fruitful in the land of my affliction. And the name of the second called he Ephraim: For God hath made me fruitful in the land of my affliction. And he named the second Epharaim, saying: God hath made me to grow in the land of my poverty. And the name of the second he called Ephraim For God has caused me to be fruitful in the land of my affliction. And the name of the second called he Ephraim: For God hath made me fruitful in the land of my affliction. And the name of the second called he Ephraim: for God hath caused me to be fruitful in the land of my affliction. The name of the second, he called Ephraim: "For God has made me fruitful in the land of my affliction." and the name of the second he hath called Ephraim: 'for, God hath caused me to be fruitful in the land of mine affliction.' And the name of the second called he Ephraim: For God has caused me to be fruitful in the land of my affliction.
Genesis 41:53 And the seven years of plenteousness, that was in the land of Egypt, were ended. And the seven years of plenty, that was in the land of Egypt, came to an end.Now when the seven years of the plenty that had been in Egypt were past:  And the seven years of plenty that were in the land of Egypt were ended; And the seven years of plenty, that was in the land of Egypt, came to an end. And the seven years of plenteousness that was in the land of Egypt, were ended. The seven years of plenty, that were in the land of Egypt, came to an end. And the seven years of plenty are completed which have been in the land of Egypt, And the seven years of plenty, that was in the land of Egypt, were ended.
Genesis 41:54 And the seven years of dearth began to come, according as Joseph had said: and the dearth was in all lands; but in all the land of Egypt there was bread. And the seven years of famine began to come, according as Joseph had said: and there was famine in all lands; but in all the land of Egypt there was bread. The seven years of scarcity, which Joseph had foretold, began to come: and the famine prevailed in the whole world, but there was bread in all the land of Egypt. and the seven years of the dearth began to come, according as Joseph had said. And there was dearth in all lands; but in all the land of Egypt there was bread. And the seven years of famine began to come, according as Joseph had said: and there was famine in all lands; but in all the land of Egypt there was bread. And the seven years of dearth began to come, according as Joseph had said: and the dearth was in all lands; but in all the land of Egypt there was bread. The seven years of famine began to come, just as Joseph had said. There was famine in all lands, but in all the land of Egypt there was bread. And the seven years of famine begin to come, as Joseph said, and famine is in all the lands, but in all the land of Egypt hath been bread; And the seven years of dearth began to come, according as Joseph had said: and the dearth was in all lands; but in all the land of Egypt there was bread.
Genesis 41:55 And when all the land of Egypt was famished, the people cried to Pharaoh for bread: and Pharaoh said unto all the Egyptians, Go unto Joseph; what he saith to you, do. And when all the land of Egypt was famished, the people cried to Pharaoh for bread: and Pharaoh said unto all the Egyptians, Go unto Joseph; what he saith to you, do. And when there also they began to be famished, the people cried to Pharao for food. And he said to them: Go to Joseph: and do all that he shall say to you. And all the land of Egypt suffered from the dearth. And the people cried to Pharaoh for bread; and Pharaoh said to all the Egyptians, Go to Joseph: what he says to you, that do. And when all the land of Egypt was famished, the people cried to Pharaoh for bread: and Pharaoh said unto all the Egyptians, Go unto Joseph; what he saith to you, do. And when all the land of Egypt was famished, the people cried to Pharaoh for bread: and Pharaoh said to all the Egyptians, Go to Joseph; what he saith to you, do.When all the land of Egypt was famished, the people cried to Pharaoh for bread, and Pharaoh said to all the Egyptians, "Go to Joseph. What he says to you, do." and all the land of Egypt is famished, and the people crieth unto Pharaoh for bread, and Pharaoh saith to all the Egyptians, 'Go unto Joseph; that which he saith to you &#8212; do.' And when all the land of Egypt was famished, the people cried to Pharaoh for bread: and Pharaoh said to all the Egyptians, Go to Joseph; what he said to you, do.
Genesis 41:56 And the famine was over all the face of the earth: And Joseph opened all the storehouses, and sold unto the Egyptians; and the famine waxed sore in the land of Egypt. And the famine was over all the face of the earth: and Joseph opened all the store-houses, and sold unto the Egyptians; and the famine was sore in the land of Egypt. And the famine increased daily in all the land: and Joseph opened all the barns, and sold to the Egyptians: for the famine had oppressed them also. And the famine was on all the earth. And Joseph opened every place in which there was provision, and sold grain to the Egyptians; and the famine was grievous in the land of Egypt. And the famine was over all the face of the earth: and Joseph opened all the storehouses, and sold unto the Egyptians; and the famine was sore in the land of Egypt. And the famine was over all the face of the earth; and Joseph opened all the store-houses, and sold to the Egyptians; and the famine became severe in the land of Egypt. The famine was over all the surface of the earth. Joseph opened all the store houses, and sold to the Egyptians. The famine was severe in the land of Egypt. And the famine has been over all the face of the land, and Joseph openeth all places which have corn in them, and selleth to the Egyptians; and the famine is severe in the land of Egypt, And the famine was over all the face of the earth: and Joseph opened all the storehouses, and sold to the Egyptians; and the famine waxed sore in the land of Egypt.
Genesis 41:57 And all countries came into Egypt to Joseph for to buy corn; because that the famine was so sore in all lands. And all countries came into Egypt to Joseph to buy grain, because the famine was sore in all the earth. And all provinces came into Egypt, to buy food, and to seek some relief of their want. And all countries came into Egypt to Joseph, to buy grain, because the famine was grievous on the whole earth. And all countries came into Egypt to Joseph for to buy corn; because the famine was sore in all the earth. And all countries came into Egypt to Joseph to buy corn; because the famine was distressing in all lands. All countries came into Egypt, to Joseph, to buy grain, because the famine was severe in all the earth. And all the earth hath come to Egypt, to buy, unto Joseph, for the famine was severe in all the earth. And all countries came into Egypt to Joseph for to buy corn; because that the famine was so sore in all lands.
Genesis 42:1 Now when Jacob saw that there was corn in Egypt, Jacob said unto his sons, Why do ye look one upon another? Now Jacob saw that there was grain in Egypt, and Jacob said unto his sons, Why do ye look one upon another? And Jacob hearing that food was sold in Egypt, said to his sons: Why are ye careless?  And Jacob saw that there was grain in Egypt, and Jacob said to his sons, Why do ye look one upon another? Now Jacob saw that there was corn in Egypt, and Jacob said unto his sons, Why do ye look one upon another? Now when Jacob saw that there was corn in Egypt, Jacob said to his sons, Why do ye look one upon another? Now Jacob saw that there was grain in Egypt, and Jacob said to his sons, "Why do you look at one another?" And Jacob seeth that there is corn in Egypt, and Jacob saith to his sons, 'Why do you look at each other?' Now when Jacob saw that there was corn in Egypt, Jacob said to his sons, Why do you look one on another? 
Genesis 42:2 And he said, Behold, I have heard that there is corn in Egypt: get you down thither, and buy for us from thence; that we may live, and not die. And he said, Behold, I have heard that there is grain in Egypt: get you down thither, and buy for us from thence; that we may live, and not die.I have heard that wheat is sold in Egypt: go ye down, and buy us necessaries, that we may live, and not be consumed with want. And he said, Behold, I have heard that there is grain in Egypt; go down thither and buy grain for us from thence, in order that we may live, and not die. And he said, Behold, I have heard that there is corn in Egypt: get you down thither, and buy for us from thence; that we may live, and not die. And he said, Behold, I have heard that there is corn in Egypt: go down thither, and buy for us from thence; that we may live, and not die.He said, "Behold, I have heard that there is grain in Egypt. Go down there, and buy for us from there, so that we may live, and not die." he saith also, 'Lo, I have heard that there is corn in Egypt, go down thither, and buy for us from thence, and we live and do not die;' And he said, Behold, I have heard that there is corn in Egypt: get you down thither, and buy for us from there; that we may live, and not die.
Genesis 42:3 And Joseph's ten brethren went down to buy corn in Egypt. And Joseph's ten brethren went down to buy grain from Egypt. So the ten brethren of Joseph went down, to buy corn in Egypt:  And Joseph's ten brethren went down to buy grain out of Egypt. And Joseph's ten brethren went down to buy corn from Egypt. And Joseph's ten brethren went down to buy corn in Egypt.Joseph's ten brothers went down to buy grain from Egypt. And the ten brethren of Joseph go down to buy corn in Egypt, And Joseph's ten brothers went down to buy corn in Egypt.
Genesis 42:4 But Benjamin, Joseph's brother, Jacob sent not with his brethren; for he said, Lest peradventure mischief befall him.But Benjamin, Joseph's brother, Jacob sent not with his brethren; for he said, Lest Peradventure harm befall him.Whilst Benjamin was kept at home by Jacob, who said to his brethren: Lest perhaps he take any harm in the journey. But Benjamin, Joseph's brother, Jacob sent not with his brethren; for he said, Lest mischief may befall him.But Benjamin, Joseph's brother, Jacob sent not with his brethren; for he said, Lest peradventure mischief befall him.But Benjamin, Joseph's brother, Jacob sent not with his brethren: for he said, Lest perhaps mischief shall befall him.But Jacob didn't send Benjamin, Joseph's brother, with his brothers; for he said, "Lest perhaps harm happen to him." and Benjamin, Joseph's brother, Jacob hath not sent with his brethren, for he said, 'Lest mischief meet him.' But Benjamin, Joseph's brother, Jacob sent not with his brothers; for he said, Lest peradventure mischief befall him.
Genesis 42:5 And the sons of Israel came to buy corn among those that came: for the famine was in the land of Canaan. And the sons of Israel came to buy among those that came: for the famine was in the land of Canaan. And they entered into the land of Egypt with others that went to buy. For the famine was in the land of Chanaan. So the sons of Israel came to buy grain among those that came; for the famine was in the land of Canaan. And the sons of Israel came to buy among those that came: for the famine was in the land of Canaan. And the sons of Israel came to buy corn among those that came: for the famine was in the land of Canaan. The sons of Israel came to buy among those who came, for the famine was in the land of Canaan. And the sons of Israel come to buy in the midst of those coming, for the famine hath been in the land of Canaan, And the sons of Israel came to buy corn among those that came: for the famine was in the land of Canaan.
Genesis 42:6 And Joseph was the governor over the land, and he it was that sold to all the people of the land: and Joseph's brethren came, and bowed down themselves before him with their faces to the earth. And Joseph was the governor over the land; he it was that sold to all the people of the land. And Joseph's brethren came, and bowed down themselves to him with their faces to the earth. And Joseph was governor in the land of Egypt, and corn was sold by his direction to the people. And when his brethren had bowed down to him,  And Joseph, he was the governor over the land he it was that sold the corn to all the people of the land. And Joseph's brethren came and bowed down to him, the face to the earth. And Joseph was the governor over the land; he it was that sold to all the people of the land: and Joseph's brethren came, and bowed down themselves to him with their faces to the earth. And Joseph was the governor over the land, and he it was that sold to all the people of the land: and Joseph's brethren came, and bowed themselves before him with their faces to the earth.Joseph was the governor over the land. It was he who sold to all the people of the land. Joseph's brothers came, and bowed themselves down to him with their faces to the earth. And Joseph is the ruler over the land, he who is selling to all the people of the land, and Joseph's brethren come and bow themselves to him &#8212; face to the earth. And Joseph was the governor over the land, and he it was that sold to all the people of the land: and Joseph's brothers came, and bowed down themselves before him with their faces to the earth.
Genesis 42:7 And Joseph saw his brethren, and he knew them, but made himself strange unto them, and spake roughly unto them; and he said unto them, Whence come ye? And they said, From the land of Canaan to buy food. And Joseph saw his brethren, and he knew them, but made himself strange unto them, and spake roughly with them; and he said unto them. Whence come ye? And they said, From the land of Canaan to buy food. And he knew them, he spoke as it were to strangers somewhat roughly, asking them: Whence came you? They answered: From the land of Chanaan, to buy necessaries of life. And Joseph saw his brethren, and knew them; but he made himself strange to them, and spoke roughly to them, and said to them, Whence come ye? And they said, From the land of Canaan, to buy food. And Joseph saw his brethren, and he knew them, but made himself strange unto them, and spake roughly with them; and he said unto them, Whence come ye? And they said, From the land of Canaan to buy food. And Joseph saw his brethren, and he knew them, but made himself strange to them, and spoke roughly to them; and he said to them, Whence come ye? And they said, From the land of Canaan to buy food.Joseph saw his brothers, and he recognized them, but acted like a stranger to them, and spoke roughly with them. He said to them, "Where did you come from?" They said, "From the land of Canaan to buy food." And Joseph seeth his brethren, and discerneth them, and maketh himself strange unto them, and speaketh with them sharp things, and saith unto them, 'From whence have ye come?' and they say, 'From the land of Canaan &#8212; to buy food.' And Joseph saw his brothers, and he knew them, but made himself strange to them, and spoke roughly to them; and he said to them, From where come you? And they said, From the land of Canaan to buy food.
Genesis 42:8 And Joseph knew his brethren, but they knew not him. And Joseph knew his brethren, but they knew not him. And though he knew his brethren, he was not known by them. And Joseph knew his brethren, but they did not know him. And Joseph knew his brethren, but they knew not him. And Joseph knew his brethren, but they knew not him.Joseph recognized his brothers, but they didn't recognize him. And Joseph discerneth his brethren, but they have not discerned him, And Joseph knew his brothers, but they knew not him.
Genesis 42:9 And Joseph remembered the dreams which he dreamed of them, and said unto them, Ye are spies; to see the nakedness of the land ye are come. And Joseph remembered the dreams which he dreamed of them, and said unto them, Ye are spies; to see the nakedness of the land ye are come. And remembering the dreams, which formerly he had dreamed, he said to them: You are spies. You are come to view the weaker parts of the land. And Joseph remembered the dreams that he had dreamt of them; and he said to them, Ye are spies: to see the exposed places of the land ye are come. And Joseph remembered the dreams which he dreamed of them, and said unto them, Ye are spies; to see the nakedness of the land ye are come. And Joseph remembered the dreams which he dreamed of them, and said to them, Ye are spies; to see the nakedness of the land have ye come.Joseph remembered the dreams which he dreamed about them, and said to them, "You are spies! You have come to see the nakedness of the land." and Joseph remembereth the dreams which he dreamed of them, and saith unto them, 'Ye are spies; to see the nakedness of the land ye have come.' And Joseph remembered the dreams which he dreamed of them, and said to them, You are spies; to see the nakedness of the land you are come.
Genesis 42:10 And they said unto him, Nay, my lord, but to buy food are thy servants come. And they said unto him, Nay, my lord, but to buy food are thy servants come.But they said: It is not so, my lord, but thy servants are come to buy food. And they said to him, No, my lord; but to buy food are thy servants come. And they said unto him, Nay, my lord, but to buy food are thy servants come. And they said to him, No, my lord, but to buy food have thy servants come. They said to him, "No, my lord, but your servants have come to buy food. And they say unto him, 'No, my lord, but thy servants have come to buy food; And they said to him, No, my lord, but to buy food are your servants come.
Genesis 42:11 We are all one man's sons; we are true men, thy servants are no spies.We are all one man's sons; we are true men, thy servants are no spies.We are all the sons of one man: we are come as peaceable men, neither do thy servants go about any evil. We are all one man's sons; we are honest: thy servants are not spies.We are all one man's sons; we are true men, thy servants are no spies.We are all one man's sons; we are true men; thy servants are no spies.We are all one man's sons; we are honest men. Your servants are not spies." we are all of us sons of one man, we are right men; thy servants have not been spies;' We are all one man's sons; we are true men, your servants are no spies.
Genesis 42:12 And he said unto them, Nay, but to see the nakedness of the land ye are come. And he said unto them, Nay, but to see the nakedness of the land ye are come. And he answered them: It is otherwise: you are come to consider the unfenced parts of this land. And he said to them, No; but to see the exposed places of the land are ye come. And he said unto them, Nay, but to see the nakedness of the land ye are come. And he said to them, No, but to see the nakedness of the land have ye come.He said to them, "No, but you have come to see the nakedness of the land!" and he saith unto them, 'No, but the nakedness of the land ye have come to see;' And he said to them, No, but to see the nakedness of the land you are come.
Genesis 42:13 And they said, Thy servants are twelve brethren, the sons of one man in the land of Canaan; and, behold, the youngest is this day with our father, and one is not. And they said, We thy servants are twelve brethren, the sons of one man in the land of Canaan; and, behold, the youngest is this day with our father, and one is not.But they said: We thy servants are twelve brethren, the sons of one man in the land of Chanaan: the youngest is with our father, the other is not living. And they said, Thy servants were twelve brethren, sons of one man, in the land of Canaan; and behold, the youngest is this day with our father, and one is not. And they said, We thy servants are twelve brethren, the sons of one man in the land of Canaan; and, behold, the youngest is this day with our father, and one is not. And they said, Thy servants are twelve brethren, the sons of one man in the land of Canaan; and behold, the youngest is this day with our father, and one is not. They said, "We, your servants, are twelve brothers, the sons of one man in the land of Canaan; and behold, the youngest is this day with our father, and one is no more." and they say, 'Thy servants are twelve brethren; we are sons of one man in the land of Canaan, and lo, the young one is with our father to-day, and the one is not.' And they said, Your servants are twelve brothers, the sons of one man in the land of Canaan; and, behold, the youngest is this day with our father, and one is not.
Genesis 42:14 And Joseph said unto them, That is it that I spake unto you, saying, Ye are spies: And Joseph said unto them, That is it that I spake unto you, saying, Ye are spies: He saith: This is it that I said: You are spies. And Joseph said to them, That is it that I have spoken to you, saying, Ye are spies. And Joseph said unto them, That is it that I spake unto you, saying, Ye are spies: And Joseph said to them, That is what I spoke to you, saying, Ye are spies: Joseph said to them, "It is like I told you, saying, 'You are spies!' And Joseph saith unto them, 'This is that which I have spoken unto you, saying, Ye are spies, And Joseph said to them, That is it that I spoke to you, saying, You are spies: 
Genesis 42:15 Hereby ye shall be proved: By the life of Pharaoh ye shall not go forth hence, except your youngest brother come hither.hereby ye shall be proved: by the life of Pharaoh ye shall not go forth hence, except your youngest brother come hither.I shall now presently try what you are: by the health of Pharao you shall not depart hence, until your youngest brother come. By this ye shall be put to the proof: as Pharaoh lives, ye shall not go forth hence, unless your youngest brother come hither! hereby ye shall be proved: by the life of Pharaoh ye shall not go forth hence, except your youngest brother come hither.By this ye shall be proved: By the life of Pharaoh ye shall not go forth hence, except your youngest brother shall come hither.By this you shall be tested. By the life of Pharaoh, you shall not go forth from here, unless your youngest brother comes here.by this ye are proved: Pharaoh liveth! if ye go out from this &#8212; except by your young brother coming hither; Hereby you shall be proved: By the life of Pharaoh you shall not go forth hence, except your youngest brother come here.
Genesis 42:16 Send one of you, and let him fetch your brother, and ye shall be kept in prison, that your words may be proved, whether there be any truth in you: or else by the life of Pharaoh surely ye are spies. Send one of you, and let him fetch your brother, and ye shall be bound, that your words may be proved, whether there be truth in you: or else by the life of Pharaoh surely ye are spies. Send one of you to fetch him: and you shall be in prison, till what you have said be proved, whether it be true or false: or else by the health of Pharao you are spies. Send one of you, that he may fetch your brother, but ye shall be imprisoned, and your words shall be put to the proof, whether the truth is in you; and if not, as Pharaoh lives, ye are spies. Send one of you, and let him fetch your brother, and ye shall be bound, that your words may be proved, whether there be truth in you: or else by the life of Pharaoh surely ye are spies. Send one of you, and let him bring your brother, and ye shall be kept in prison, that your words may be proved, whether there is any truth in you: or else by the life of Pharaoh surely ye are spies. Send one of you, and let him get your brother, and you shall be bound, that your words may be tested, whether there is truth in you, or else by the life of Pharaoh surely you are spies." send one of you, and let him bring your brother, and ye, remain ye bound, and let your words be proved, whether truth be with you: and if not &#8212; Pharaoh liveth! surely ye are spies;' Send one of you, and let him fetch your brother, and you shall be kept in prison, that your words may be proved, whether there be any truth in you: or else by the life of Pharaoh surely you are spies.
Genesis 42:17 And he put them all together into ward three days. And he put them all together into ward three days. So he put them in prison three days. And he put them in custody three days. And he put them all together into ward three days. And he put them all together into custody three days.He put them all together into custody for three days. And he removeth them unto charge three days. And he put them all together into ward three days.
Genesis 42:18 And Joseph said unto them the third day, This do, and live; for I fear God: And Joseph said unto them the third day, This do, and live: for I fear God: And the third day he brought them out of prison, and said: Do as I have said, and you shall live: for I fear God. And Joseph said to them the third day, This do, that ye may live: I fear God. And Joseph said unto them the third day, This do, and live; for I fear God: And Joseph said to them the third day, This do, and live; for I fear God: Joseph said to them the third day, "Do this, and live, for I fear God. And Joseph saith unto them on the third day, 'This do and live; God I fear! And Joseph said to them the third day, This do, and live; for I fear God: 
Genesis 42:19 If ye be true men, let one of your brethren be bound in the house of your prison: go ye, carry corn for the famine of your houses: if ye be true men, let one of your brethren be bound in your prison-house; but go ye, carry grain for the famine of your houses: If you be peaceable men, let one of your brethren be bound in prison: and go ye your ways and carry the corn that you have bought, unto your houses. If ye are honest, let one of your brethren remain bound in the house of your prison, but go ye, carry grain for the hunger of your households; if ye be true men, let one of your brethren be bound in your prison house; but go ye, carry corn for the famine of your houses: If ye are true men, let one of your brethren be bound in the house of your prison: go ye, carry corn for the famine of your houses: If you are honest men, then let one of your brothers be bound in your prison; but you go, carry grain for the famine of your houses.if ye are right men, let one of your brethren be bound in the house of your ward, and ye, go, carry in corn for the famine of your houses, If you be true men, let one of your brothers be bound in the house of your prison: go you, carry corn for the famine of your houses: 
Genesis 42:20 But bring your youngest brother unto me; so shall your words be verified, and ye shall not die. And they did so. And bring your youngest brother unto me; so shall your words be verified, and ye shall not die. And they did so. And bring your youngest brother to me, that I may find your words to be true, and you may not die. They did as he had said. and bring your youngest brother to me, in order that your words be verified, and that ye may not die. And they did so. And bring your youngest brother unto me; so shall your words be verified, and ye shall not die. And they did so.But bring your youngest brother to me; so shall your words be verified, and ye shall not die. And they did so.Bring your youngest brother to me; so will your words be verified, and you won't die." They did so. And your young brother ye bring unto me, and your words are established, and ye die not;' and they do so.But bring your youngest brother to me; so shall your words be verified, and you shall not die. And they did so.
Genesis 42:21 And they said one to another, We are verily guilty concerning our brother, in that we saw the anguish of his soul, when he besought us, and we would not hear; therefore is this distress come upon us. And they said one to another, We are verily guilty concerning our brother, in that we saw the distress of his soul, when he besought us, and we would not hear; therefore is this distress come upon us. And they talked one to another: We deserve to suffer these things, because we have sinned against our brother, seeing the anguished of his soul, when he besought us, and we would not hear: therefore is this affliction come upon us. Then they said one to another, We are indeed guilty concerning our brother, whose anguish of soul we saw when he besought us, and we did not hearken; therefore this distress is come upon us. And they said one to another, We are verily guilty concerning our brother, in that we saw the distress of his soul, when he besought us, and we would not hear; therefore is this distress come upon us. And they said one to another, We are verily guilty concerning our brother, in that we saw the anguish of his soul, when he besought us, and we would not hear; therefore is this distress come upon us. They said one to another, "We are certainly guilty concerning our brother, in that we saw the distress of his soul, when he begged us, and we wouldn't listen. Therefore this distress has come upon us." And they say one unto another, 'Verily we are guilty concerning our brother, because we saw the distress of his soul, in his making supplication unto us, and we did not hearken: therefore hath this distress come upon us.' And they said one to another, We are truly guilty concerning our brother, in that we saw the anguish of his soul, when he sought us, and we would not hear; therefore is this distress come on us.
Genesis 42:22 And Reuben answered them, saying, Spake I not unto you, saying, Do not sin against the child; and ye would not hear? therefore, behold, also his blood is required. And Reuben answered them, saying, Spake I not unto you, saying, Do not sin against the child; and ye would not hear? therefore also, behold, his blood is required. And Ruben one of them, said: Did not I say to you: Do not sin against the boy: and you would not hear me? Behold his blood is required. And Reuben answered them, saying, Did I not speak to you, saying, Do not sin against the lad? But ye did not hearken; and now behold, his blood also is required. And Reuben answered them, saying, Spake I not unto you, saying, Do not sin against the child; and ye would not hear? therefore also, behold, his blood is required. And Reuben answered them, saying, Did I not speak to you, saying, Do not sin against the young man; and ye would not hear? therefore behold also his blood is required.Reuben answered them, saying, "Didn't I tell you, saying, 'Don't sin against the child,' and you wouldn't listen? Therefore also, behold, his blood is required." And Reuben answereth them, saying, 'Spake I not unto you, saying, Sin not against the lad? and ye hearkened not; and his blood also, lo, it is required.' And Reuben answered them, saying, Spoke I not to you, saying, Do not sin against the child; and you would not hear? therefore, behold, also his blood is required.
Genesis 42:23 And they knew not that Joseph understood them; for he spake unto them by an interpreter. And they knew not that Joseph understood them; for there was an interpreter between them. And they knew not that Joseph understood, because he spoke to them by an interpreter. And they did not know that Joseph understood, for the interpreter was between them. And they knew not that Joseph understood them; for there was an interpreter between them. And they knew not that Joseph understood them; for he spoke to them by an interpreter. They didn't know that Joseph understood them; for there was an interpreter between them. And they have not known that Joseph understandeth, for the interpreter is between them; And they knew not that Joseph understood them; for he spoke to them by an interpreter.
Genesis 42:24 And he turned himself about from them, and wept; and returned to them again, and communed with them, and took from them Simeon, and bound him before their eyes. And he turned himself about from them, and wept; and he returned to them, and spake to them, and took Simeon from among them, and bound him before their eyes. And he turned himself away a little while, and wept: and returning he spoke to them. And he turned away from them, and wept. And he returned to them, and spoke to them, and took Simeon from among them, and bound him before their eyes. And he turned himself about from them, and wept; and he returned to them, and spake to them, and took Simeon from among them, and bound him before their eyes. And he turned himself away from them, and wept; and returned to them again, and communed with them, and took from them Simeon, and bound him before their eyes.He turned himself away from them, and wept. Then he returned to them, and spoke to them, and took Simeon from among them, and bound him before their eyes. And he turneth round from them, and weepeth, and turneth back unto them, and speaketh unto them, and taketh from them Simeon, and bindeth him before their eyes. And he turned himself about from them, and wept; and returned to them again, and communed with them, and took from them Simeon, and bound him before their eyes.
Genesis 42:25 Then Joseph commanded to fill their sacks with corn, and to restore every man's money into his sack, and to give them provision for the way: and thus did he unto them. Then Joseph commanded to fill their vessels with grain, and to restore every man's money into his sack, and to give them provisions for the way: and thus was it done unto them. And taking Simeon, and binking him in their presence, he commanded his servants to fill their sacks with wheat, and to put every man's money again in their sacks, and to give them besides provisions for the way: and they did so. And Joseph gave orders to fill their vessels with corn, and to restore every man's money into his sack, and to give them provision for the way. And thus did they to them. Then Joseph commanded to fill their vessels with corn, and to restore every man's money into his sack, and to give them provision for the way: and thus was it done unto them. Then Joseph commanded to fill their sacks with corn, and to restore every man's money into his sack, and to give them provision for the way: and thus did he to them. Then Joseph gave a command to fill their bags with grain, and to restore each man's money into his sack, and to give them food for the way. So it was done to them. And Joseph commandeth, and they fill their vessels with corn, also to put back the money of each unto his sack, and to give to them provision for the way; and one doth to them so. Then Joseph commanded to fill their sacks with corn, and to restore every man's money into his sack, and to give them provision for the way: and thus did he to them.
Genesis 42:26 And they laded their asses with the corn, and departed thence. And they laded their asses with their grain, and departed thence.But they having loaded their asses with the corn, went their way. And they loaded their asses with their grain, and departed thence. And they laded their asses with their corn, and departed thence. And they loaded their asses with the corn, and departed thence. They loaded their donkeys with their grain, and departed from there. And they lift up their corn upon their asses, and go from thence, And they laded their asses with the corn, and departed there.
Genesis 42:27 And as one of them opened his sack to give his ass provender in the inn, he espied his money; for, behold, it was in his sack's mouth. And as one of them opened his sack to give his ass provender in the lodging-place, he espied his money; and, behold, it was in the mouth of his sack. And one of them opening his sack, to give his beast provender in the inn, saw the money in the sack's mouth;  And one of them opened his sack to give his ass food in the inn, and saw his money, and behold, it was in the mouth of his sack. And as one of them opened his sack to give his ass provender in the lodging place, he espied his money; and, behold, it was in the mouth of his sack. And as one of them opened his sack to give his ass provender in the inn, he espied his money: for behold, it was in his sack's mouth. As one of them opened his sack to give his donkey food in the lodging place, he saw his money. Behold, it was in the mouth of his sack. And the one openeth his sack to give provender to his ass at a lodging-place, and he seeth his money, and lo, it is in the mouth of his bag, And as one of them opened his sack to give his ass provender in the inn, he espied his money; for, behold, it was in his sack's mouth.
Genesis 42:28 And he said unto his brethren, My money is restored; and, lo, it is even in my sack: and their heart failed them, and they were afraid, saying one to another, What is this that God hath done unto us? And he said unto his brethren, My money is restored; and, lo, it is even in my sack: and their heart failed them, and they turned trembling one to another, saying, What is this that God hath done unto us? And said to his brethren: My money is given me again, hehold it is in the sack. And thye were astonished, and troubled, and said to one another: What is this that God hath done unto us?  And he said to his brethren, My money is returned to me, and behold, it is even in my sack. And their heart failed them, and they were afraid, saying one to another, What is this that God has done to us? And he said unto his brethren, My money is restored; and, lo, it is even in my sack: and their heart failed them, and they turned trembling one to another, saying, What is this that God hath done unto us? And he said to his brethren, My money is restored; and see it is even in my sack: and their heart failed them, and they were afraid, saying one to another, What is this that God hath done to us? He said to his brothers, "My money is restored! Behold, it is in my sack!" Their hearts failed them, and they turned trembling one to another, saying, "What is this that God has done to us?" and he saith unto his brethren, 'My money hath been put back, and also, lo, in my bag:' and their heart goeth out, and they tremble, one to another saying, 'What is this God hath done to us!' And he said to his brothers, My money is restored; and, see, it is even in my sack: and their heart failed them, and they were afraid, saying one to another, What is this that God has done to us? 
Genesis 42:29 And they came unto Jacob their father unto the land of Canaan, and told him all that befell unto them; saying, And they came unto Jacob their father unto the land of Canaan, and told him all that had befallen them, saying, And they came to Jacob their father in the land of Chanaan, and they told him all things that had befallen them, saying:  And they came into the land of Canaan, to Jacob their father, and told him all that had befallen them, saying, And they came unto Jacob their father unto the land of Canaan, and told him all that had befallen them; saying, And they came to Jacob their father to the land of Canaan, and told him all that befell them, saying, They came to Jacob their father, to the land of Canaan, and told him all that had happened to them, saying, And they come in unto Jacob their father, to the land of Canaan, and they declare to him all the things meeting them, saying, And they came to Jacob their father to the land of Canaan, and told him all that befell to them; saying, 
Genesis 42:30 The man, who is the lord of the land, spake roughly to us, and took us for spies of the country. The man, the lord of the land, spake roughly with us, and took us for spies of the country. The lord of the land spoke roughly to us, and took us to be spies of the country. The man, the lord of the land, spoke roughly to us, and treated us as spies of the land. The man, the lord of the land, spake roughly with us, and took us for spies of the country. The man who is the lord of the land, spoke roughly to us, and took us for spies of the country."The man, the lord of the land, spoke roughly with us, and took us for spies of the country.'The man, the lord of the land, hath spoken with us sharp things, and maketh us as spies of the land; The man, who is the lord of the land, spoke roughly to us, and took us for spies of the country.
Genesis 42:31 And we said unto him, We are true men; we are no spies: And we said unto him, We are true men; and we are no spies: And we answered him: We are peaceable men, and we mean no plot. And we said to him, We are honest; we are not spies: And we said unto him, We are true men; we are no spies: And we said to him, We are true men; we are no spies: We said to him, 'We are honest men. We are no spies. And we say unto him, We are right men, we have not been spies, And we said to him, We are true men; we are no spies: 
Genesis 42:32 We be twelve brethren, sons of our father; one is not, and the youngest is this day with our father in the land of Canaan.we are twelve brethren, sons of our father; one is not, and the youngest is this day with our father in the land of Canaan.We are twelve brethren born of one father: one is not living, the youngest is with our father in the land of Chanaan. we are twelve brethren, sons of our father; one is not, and the youngest is this day with our father in the land of Canaan.we be twelve brethren, sons of our father; one is not, and the youngest is this day with our father in the land of Canaan.We are twelve brethren, sons of our father: one is not, and the youngest is this day with our father in the land of Canaan.We are twelve brothers, sons of our father; one is no more, and the youngest is this day with our father in the land of Canaan.' we are twelve brethren, sons of our father, the one is not, and the young one is to-day with our father in the land of Canaan.We be twelve brothers, sons of our father; one is not, and the youngest is this day with our father in the land of Canaan.
Genesis 42:33 And the man, the lord of the country, said unto us, Hereby shall I know that ye are true men; leave one of your brethren here with me, and take food for the famine of your households, and be gone: And the man, the lord of the land, said unto us, Hereby shall I know that ye are true men: leave one of your brethren with me, and take grain for the famine of your houses, and go your way; And he said to us: Hereby shall I know that you are peaceable men: Leave one of your brethren with me, and take ye necessary provision for your houses, and go your ways. And the man, the lord of the land, said to us, Hereby shall I know that ye are honest: leave one of your brethren with me, and take for the hunger of your households, and go, And the man, the lord of the land, said unto us, Hereby shall I know that ye are true men; leave one of your brethren with me, and take corn for the famine of your houses, and go your way: And the man, the lord of the country, said to us, By this shall I know that ye are true men: leave one of your brethren here with me, and take food for the famine of your households, and depart: The man, the lord of the land, said to us, 'By this I will know that you are honest men: leave one of your brothers with me, and take grain for the famine of your houses, and go your way. And the man, the lord of the land, saith unto us, By this I know that ye are right men &#8212; one of your brethren leave with me, and for the famine of your houses take ye and go, And the man, the lord of the country, said to us, Hereby shall I know that you are true men; leave one of your brothers here with me, and take food for the famine of your households, and be gone: 
Genesis 42:34 And bring your youngest brother unto me: then shall I know that ye are no spies, but that ye are true men: so will I deliver you your brother, and ye shall traffick in the land. And bring your youngest brother unto me: then shall I know that ye are no spies, but that ye are true men: so will I deliver you your brother, and ye shall traffic in the land. And bring your youngest brother to me, that I may know you are not spies: and you may receive this man again, that is kept in prison: and afterwards may have leave to buy what you will. and bring your youngest brother to me, and I shall know that ye are not spies, but are honest. Your brother will I give up to you; and ye may trade in the land. And bring your youngest brother unto me: then shall I know that ye are no spies, but that ye are true men: so will I deliver you your brother, and ye shall traffick in the land. And bring your youngest brother to me: then shall I know that ye are no spies, but that ye are true men: then will I deliver to you your brother, and ye shall traffick in the land.Bring your youngest brother to me. Then I will know that you are not spies, but that you are honest men. So I will deliver your brother to you, and you shall trade in the land.'" and bring your young brother unto me, and I know that ye are not spies, but ye are right men; your brother I give to you, and ye trade with the land.' And bring your youngest brother to me: then shall I know that you are no spies, but that you are true men: so will I deliver you your brother, and you shall traffic in the land.
Genesis 42:35 And it came to pass as they emptied their sacks, that, behold, every man's bundle of money was in his sack: and when both they and their father saw the bundles of money, they were afraid. And it came to pass as they emptied their sacks, that, behold, every man's bundle of money was in his sack: and when they and their father saw their bundles of money, they were afraid.When they had told this, they poured out their corn and every man found his money tied in the mouth of his sack: and all being astonished together,  And it came to pass as they emptied their sacks, that behold, every man had his bundle of money in his sack; and they saw their bundles of money, they and their father, and were afraid. And it came to pass as they emptied their sacks, that, behold, every man's bundle of money was in his sack: and when they and their father saw their bundles of money, they were afraid. And it came to pass as they emptied their sacks, that behold, every man's bundle of money was in his sack; and when they and their father saw the bundles of money, they were afraid.It happened as they emptied their sacks, that behold, each man's bundle of money was in his sack. When they and their father saw their bundles of money, they were afraid. And it cometh to pass, they are emptying their sacks, and lo, the bundle of each man's silver is in his sack, and they see their bundles of silver, they and their father, and are afraid; And it came to pass as they emptied their sacks, that, behold, every man's bundle of money was in his sack: and when both they and their father saw the bundles of money, they were afraid.
Genesis 42:36 And Jacob their father said unto them, Me have ye bereaved of my children: Joseph is not, and Simeon is not, and ye will take Benjamin away: all these things are against me. And Jacob their father said unto them, Me have ye bereaved of my children: Joseph is not, and Simeon is not, and ye will take Benjamin away: all these things are against me. Their father Jacob said: You have made me to be without children: Joseph is not living, Simeon is kept in bonds, and Benjamin you will take away: all these evils are fallen upon me. And Jacob their father said to them, Ye have bereaved me of children: Joseph is not, and Simeon is not, and ye will take Benjamin! All these things are against me. And Jacob their father said unto them, Me have ye bereaved of my children: Joseph is not, and Simeon is not, and ye will take Benjamin away: all these things are against me. And Jacob their father said to them, Me have ye bereaved: Joseph is not, and Simeon is not, and ye will take Benjamin away: all these things are against me.Jacob, their father, said to them, "You have bereaved me of my children! Joseph is no more, Simeon is no more, and you want to take Benjamin away. All these things are against me." and Jacob their father saith unto them, 'Me ye have bereaved; Joseph is not, and Simeon is not, and Benjamin ye take &#8212; against me have been all these.' And Jacob their father said to them, Me have you bereaved of my children: Joseph is not, and Simeon is not, and you will take Benjamin away: all these things are against me.
Genesis 42:37 And Reuben spake unto his father, saying, Slay my two sons, if I bring him not to thee: deliver him into my hand, and I will bring him to thee again. And Reuben spake unto his father, saying, Slay my two sons, if I bring him not to thee: deliver him into my hand, and I will bring him to thee again. And Ruben answered him: Kill my two sons if I bring him not again to thee: deliver him unto my hand, and I will restore him to thee. And Reuben spoke to his father, saying, Slay my two sons if I bring him not back to thee: give him into my hand, and I will bring him to thee again. And Reuben spake unto his father, saying, Slay my two sons, if I bring him not to thee: deliver him into my hand, and I will bring him to thee again. And Reuben spoke to his father, saying, Slay my two sons, if I bring him not to thee: deliver him into my hand, and I will bring him to thee again.Reuben spoke to his father, saying, "Kill my two sons, if I don't bring him to you. Entrust him to my care, and I will bring him to you again." And Reuben speaketh unto his father, saying, 'My two sons thou dost put to death, if I bring him not in unto thee; give him into my hand, and I &#8212; I bring him back unto thee;' And Reuben spoke to his father, saying, Slay my two sons, if I bring him not to you: deliver him into my hand, and I will bring him to you again.
Genesis 42:38 And he said, My son shall not go down with you; for his brother is dead, and he is left alone: if mischief befall him by the way in the which ye go, then shall ye bring down my gray hairs with sorrow to the grave. And he said, My son shall not go down with you; for his brother is dead, and he only is left: if harm befall him by the way in which ye go, then will ye bring down my gray hairs with sorrow to Sheol.But he said: My son shall not go down with you: his brother is dead, and he is left alone: if any mischief befall him in the land to which you go, you will bring down my gray hairs with sorrow to hell. But he said, My son shall not go down with you, for his brother is dead, and he alone is left; and if mischief should befall him by the way in which ye go, then would ye bring down my grey hairs with sorrow to Sheol. And he said, My son shall not go down with you; for his brother is dead, and he only is left: if mischief befall him by the way in the which ye go, then shall ye bring down my gray hairs with sorrow to the grave. And he said, My son shall not go down with you; for his brother is dead, and he is left alone: if mischief shall befall him by the way in which ye go, then will ye bring down my gray hairs with sorrow to the grave.He said, "My son shall not go down with you; for his brother is dead, and he only is left. If harm happens to him along the way in which you go, then you will bring down my gray hairs with sorrow to Sheol." and he saith, 'My son doth not go down with you, for his brother is dead, and he by himself is left; when mischief hath met him in the way in which ye go, then ye have brought down my grey hairs in sorrow to sheol.' And he said, My son shall not go down with you; for his brother is dead, and he is left alone: if mischief befall him by the way in the which you go, then shall you bring down my gray hairs with sorrow to the grave.
Genesis 43:1 And the famine was sore in the land. And the famine was sore in the land.In the mean time the famine was heavy upon all the land. And the famine was grievous in the land. And the famine was sore in the land. And the famine was severe in the land. The famine was severe in the land. And the famine is severe in the land; And the famine was sore in the land.
Genesis 43:2 And it came to pass, when they had eaten up the corn which they had brought out of Egypt, their father said unto them, Go again, buy us a little food. And it came to pass, when they had eaten up the grain which they had brought out of Egypt, their father said unto them, Go again, buy us a little food. And when they had eaten up all the corn, which they had brought out of Egypt, Jacob said to his sons: Go again and buy us a little food. And it came to pass, when they had finished eating the grain which they had brought from Egypt, that their father said to them, Go again, buy us a little food. And it came to pass, when they had eaten up the corn which they had brought out of Egypt, their father said unto them, Go again, buy us a little food. And it came to pass, when they had consumed the corn which they had brought from Egypt, their father said to them, Go again, buy us a little food.It happened, when they had eaten up the grain which they had brought out of Egypt, their father said to them, "Go again, buy us a little more food." and it cometh to pass, when they have finished eating the corn which they brought from Egypt, that their father saith unto them, 'Turn back, buy for us a little food.' And it came to pass, when they had eaten up the corn which they had brought out of Egypt, their father said to them, Go again, buy us a little food.
Genesis 43:3 And Judah spake unto him, saying, The man did solemnly protest unto us, saying, Ye shall not see my face, except your brother be with you. And Judah spake unto him, saying, The man did solemnly protest unto us, saying, Ye shall not see my face, except your brother be with you.Juda answered: The man declared unto us with the atteststion of an oath, saying: You shall not see my face, unless you bring your youngest brother with you. And Judah spoke to him, saying, The man did positively testify to us, saying, Ye shall not see my face, unless your brother be with you. And Judah spake unto him, saying, The man did solemnly protest unto us, saying, Ye shall not see my face, except your brother be with you. And Judah spoke to him, saying, The man did solemnly protest to us, saying, Ye shall not see my face, except your brother be with you.Judah spoke to him, saying, "The man solemnly warned us, saying, 'You shall not see my face, unless your brother is with you.' And Judah speaketh unto him, saying, 'The man protesting protested to us, saying, Ye do not see my face without your brother being with you; And Judah spoke to him, saying, The man did solemnly protest to us, saying, You shall not see my face, except your brother be with you.
Genesis 43:4 If thou wilt send our brother with us, we will go down and buy thee food: If thou wilt send our brother with us, we will go down and buy thee food: If therefore thou wilt send him with us, we will set out together, and will buy necessaries for thee. If thou wilt send our brother with us, we will go down and buy thee food; If thou wilt send our brother with us, we will go down and buy thee food: If thou wilt send our brother with us, we will go down and buy thee food: If you'll send our brother with us, we'll go down and buy you food, if thou art sending our brother with us, we go down, and buy for thee food, If you will send our brother with us, we will go down and buy you food: 
Genesis 43:5 But if thou wilt not send him, we will not go down: for the man said unto us, Ye shall not see my face, except your brother be with you.but if thou wilt not send him, we will not go down; for the man said unto us, Ye shall not see my face, except your brother be with you.But if thou wilt not, we will not go: for the man, as we have often said, declared unto us, saying: You shall not see my face without your youngest brother. but if thou do not send him, we will not go down, for the man said to us, Ye shall not see my face, unless your brother be with you.but if thou wilt not send him, we will not go down: for the man said unto us, Ye shall not see my face, except your brother be with you.But if thou wilt not send him, we will not go down, for the man said to us, Ye shall not see my face, except your brother be with you.but if you'll not send him, we'll not go down, for the man said to us, 'You shall not see my face, unless your brother is with you.'" and if thou art not sending &#8212; we do not go down, for the man said unto us, Ye do not see my face without your brother being with you.' But if you will not send him, we will not go down: for the man said to us, You shall not see my face, except your brother be with you.
Genesis 43:6 And Israel said, Wherefore dealt ye so ill with me, as to tell the man whether ye had yet a brother? And Israel said, Wherefore dealt ye so ill with me, as to tell the man whether ye had yet a brother? Israel said to them: You have done this for my misery in that you told him you had also another brother. And Israel said, Why did ye deal so ill with me as to tell the man whether ye had yet a brother? And Israel said, Wherefore dealt ye so ill with me, as to tell the man whether ye had yet a brother? And Israel said, Why dealt ye so ill with me, as to tell the man whether ye had yet a brother? Israel said, "Why did you treat me so badly, telling the man that you had another brother?" And Israel saith, 'Why did ye evil to me, by declaring to the man that ye had yet a brother?' And Israel said, Why dealt you so ill with me, as to tell the man whether you had yet a brother? 
Genesis 43:7 And they said, The man asked us straitly of our state, and of our kindred, saying, Is your father yet alive? have ye another brother? and we told him according to the tenor of these words: could we certainly know that he would say, Bring your brother down? And they said, The man asked straitly concerning ourselves, and concerning our kindred, saying, Is your father yet alive? have ye another brother? and we told him according to the tenor of these words: could we in any wise know that he would say, Bring your brother down? But they answered: The man asked us in order concerning our kindred: if our father lived: if we had a brother: and we answered him regularly, according to what he demanded: Bring hither your brother with you?  And they said, The man asked very closely after us, and after our kindred, saying, Is your father yet alive? have ye a brother? And we told him according to the tenor of these words. Could we at all know that he would say, Bring your brother down? And they said, The man asked straitly concerning ourselves, and concerning our kindred, saying, Is your father yet alive? have ye another brother? and we told him according to the tenor of these words: could we in any wise know that he would say, Bring your brother down? And they said, The man asked us strictly concerning our state, and our kindred, saying, Is your father yet alive? have ye another brother? and we told him according to the tenor of these words: Could we certainly know that he would say, Bring your brother down? They said, "The man asked directly concerning ourselves, and concerning our relatives, saying, 'Is your father still alive? Have you another brother?' We just answered his questions. Is there any way we could know that he would say, 'Bring your brother down?'" and they say, 'The man asked diligently concerning us, and concerning our kindred, saying, Is your father yet alive? have ye a brother? and we declare to him according to the tenor of these things; do we certainly know that he will say, Bring down your brother?' And they said, The man asked us straightly of our state, and of our kindred, saying, Is your father yet alive? have you another brother? and we told him according to the tenor of these words: could we certainly know that he would say, Bring your brother down? 
Genesis 43:8 And Judah said unto Israel his father, Send the lad with me, and we will arise and go; that we may live, and not die, both we, and thou, and also our little ones. And Judah said unto Israel his father, Send the lad with me, and we will arise and go; that we may live, and not die, both we, and thou, and also our little ones. And Juda said to his father: Send the bou with me, that we may set forward, and may live: lest both we and our children perish. And Judah said to Israel his father, Send the lad with me, and we will arise and go, that we may live, and not die, both we and thou and our little ones. And Judah said unto Israel his father, Send the lad with me, and we will arise and go; that we may live, and not die, both we, and thou, and also our little ones. And Judah said to Israel, his father, Send the lad with me, and we will arise and go; that we may live, and not die, both we, and thou, and also our little ones.Judah said to Israel, his father, "Send the boy with me, and we'll get up and go, so that we may live, and not die, both we, and you, and also our little ones. And Judah saith unto Israel his father, 'Send the youth with me, and we arise, and go, and live, and do not die, both we, and thou, and our infants. And Judah said to Israel his father, Send the lad with me, and we will arise and go; that we may live, and not die, both we, and you, and also our little ones.
Genesis 43:9 I will be surety for him; of my hand shalt thou require him: if I bring him not unto thee, and set him before thee, then let me bear the blame for ever: I will be surety for him; of my hand shalt thou require him: if I bring him not unto thee, and set him before thee, then let me bear the blame for ever: I take the boy upon me, require him at my hand: unless I bring him again, and restore him to thee, I will be guilty of sin against thee for ever. I will be surety for him: of my hand shalt thou require him; if I bring him not to thee, and set him before thy face, then shall I be guilty toward thee for ever.I will be surety for him; of my hand shalt thou require him: if I bring him not unto thee, and set him before thee, then let me bear the blame for ever: I will be surety for him; of my hand shalt thou require him: if I bring him not to thee, and set him before thee, then let me bear the blame for ever: I'll be collateral for him. From my hand will you require him. If I don't bring him to you, and set him before you, then let me bear the blame forever, I &#8212; I am surety for him, from my hand thou dost require him; if I have not brought him in unto thee, and set him before thee &#8212; then I have sinned against thee all the days; I will be surety for him; of my hand shall you require him: if I bring him not to you, and set him before you, then let me bear the blame for ever: 
Genesis 43:10 For except we had lingered, surely now we had returned this second time.for except we had lingered, surely we had now returned a second time.If delay had not been made, we had been here again the second time. For had we not lingered, we should now certainly have returned already twice.for except we had lingered, surely we had now returned a second time.For except we had delayed, surely now we had returned this second time.for if we hadn't delayed, surely we would have returned a second time by now." for if we had not lingered, surely now we had returned these two times.' For except we had lingered, surely now we had returned this second time.
Genesis 43:11 And their father Israel said unto them, If it must be so now, do this; take of the best fruits in the land in your vessels, and carry down the man a present, a little balm, and a little honey, spices, and myrrh, nuts, and almonds: And their father Israel said unto them, If it be so now, do this: take of the choice fruits of the land in your vessels, and carry down the man a present, a little balm, and a little honey, spicery and myrrh, nuts, and almonds; Then Israel said to them: If it must needs be so, do what you will: take of the best fruits of the land in your vessels, and carry down presents to the man, a little balm, and honey, and storax, myrrh, turpentine, and almonds. And their father Israel said to them, If it is then so, do this: take of the best fruits in the land in your vessels, and carry down the man a gift: a little balsam and a little honey, tragacanth and ladanum, pistacia-nuts and almonds. And their father Israel said unto them, If it be so now, do this; take of the choice fruits of the land in your vessels, and carry down the man a present, a little balm, and a little honey, spicery and myrrh, nuts, and almonds: And their father Israel said to them, If it must be so now, do this; take of the best fruits in the land in your vessels, and carry to the man a present, a little balm, and a little honey, spices, and myrrh, nuts, and almonds: Their father, Israel, said to them, "If it must be so, then do this. Take from the choice fruits of the land in your bags, and carry down a present for the man, a little balm, a little honey, spices and myrrh, nuts, and almonds; And Israel their father saith unto them, 'If so, now, this do: take of the praised thing of the land in your vessels, and take down to the man a present, a little balm, and a little honey, spices and myrrh, nuts and almonds; And their father Israel said to them, If it must be so now, do this; take of the best fruits in the land in your vessels, and carry down the man a present, a little balm, and a little honey, spices, and myrrh, nuts, and almonds: 
Genesis 43:12 And take double money in your hand; and the money that was brought again in the mouth of your sacks, carry it again in your hand; peradventure it was an oversight: and take double money in your hand; and the money that was returned in the mouth of your sacks carry again in your hand; peradventure it was an oversight: And take with you double money, and carry back what you found in your sacks, lest perhaps it was done by mistake. And take other money in your hand, and the money that was returned to you in the mouth of your sacks, carry back in your hand: perhaps it is an oversight. And take double money in your hand; and the money that was returned in the mouth of your sacks carry again in your hand; peradventure it was an oversight: And take double money in your hand; and the money that was returned in the mouth of your sacks, carry it again in your hand; it may be it was an oversight: and take double money in your hand, and take back the money that was returned in the mouth of your sacks. Perhaps it was an oversight. And double money take in your hand, even the money which is brought back in the mouth of your bags, ye take back in your hand, it may be it is an oversight. And take double money in your hand; and the money that was brought again in the mouth of your sacks, carry it again in your hand; peradventure it was an oversight: 
Genesis 43:13 Take also your brother, and arise, go again unto the man: take also your brother, and arise, go again unto the man: And take also your brother, and go to the man. And take your brother, and arise, go again to the man. Take also your brother, and arise, go again unto the man: Take also your brother, and arise, go again to the man: Take your brother also, get up, and return to the man.'And take your brother, and rise, turn back unto the man; Take also your brother, and arise, go again to the man: 
Genesis 43:14 And God Almighty give you mercy before the man, that he may send away your other brother, and Benjamin. If I be bereaved of my children, I am bereaved. And God Almighty give you mercy before the man, that he may release unto you your other brother and Benjamin. And if I be bereaved of my children, I am bereaved. And may my almighty Bod make him favourable to you; and send back with you your brother, whom he keepeth, and this Benjamin: and as for me I shall be desolate without children. And the Almighty God give you mercy before the man, that he may send away your other brother and Benjamin! And I, if I be bereaved of children, am bereaved. And God Almighty give you mercy before the man, that he may release unto you your other brother and Benjamin. And if I be bereaved of my children, I am bereaved. And God Almighty give you mercy before the man, that he may send away your other brother, and Benjamin: If I be bereaved, I am bereaved.May God Almighty give you mercy before the man, that he may release to you your other brother and Benjamin. If I am bereaved of my children, I am bereaved." and God Almighty give to you mercies before the man, so that he hath sent to you your other brother and Benjamin; and I, when I am bereaved &#8212; I am bereaved.' And God Almighty give you mercy before the man, that he may send away your other brother, and Benjamin. If I be bereaved of my children, I am bereaved.
Genesis 43:15 And the men took that present, and they took double money in their hand, and Benjamin; and rose up, and went down to Egypt, and stood before Joseph. And the men took that present, and they took double money in their hand, and Benjamin; and rose up, and went down to Egypt, and stood before Joseph. So the men took the presents, and double money, and Benjamin: and went down into Egypt, and stood before Joseph. And the men took that gift, and took double money in their hand, and Benjamin, and rose up, and went down to Egypt, and came before Joseph. And the men took that present, and they took double money in their hand, and Benjamin; and rose up, and went down to Egypt, and stood before Joseph. And the men took that present, and they took double money in their hand, and Benjamin; and arose, and went down to Egypt, and stood before Joseph. The men took that present, and they took double money in their hand, and Benjamin; and got up, went down to Egypt, and stood before Joseph. And the men take this present, double money also they have taken in their hand, and Benjamin; and they rise, and go down to Egypt, and stand before Joseph; And the men took that present, and they took double money in their hand and Benjamin; and rose up, and went down to Egypt, and stood before Joseph.
Genesis 43:16 And when Joseph saw Benjamin with them, he said to the ruler of his house, Bring these men home, and slay, and make ready; for these men shall dine with me at noon. And when Joseph saw Benjamin with them, he said to the steward of his house, Bring the men into the house, and slay, and make ready; for the men shall dine with me at noon. And when he had seen them, and Benjamin with them, he commanded the steward of his house, saying: Bring in the men into the house, and kill victims, and prepare a feast: because they shall eat with me at noon. And Joseph saw Benjamin with them, and said to the man who was over his house, Bring the men into the house, and slaughter cattle, and make ready; for the men shall eat with me at noon. And when Joseph saw Benjamin with them, he said to the steward of his house, Bring the men into the house, and slay, and make ready; for the men shall dine with me at noon. And when Joseph saw Benjamin with them, he said to the ruler of his house, Bring these men home, and slay, and make ready: for these men shall dine with me at noon.When Joseph saw Benjamin with them, he said to the steward of his house, "Bring the men into the house, and butcher an animal, and prepare; for the men will dine with me at noon." and Joseph seeth Benjamin with them, and saith to him who is over his house, 'Bring the men into the house, and slaughter an animal, and make ready, for with me do the men eat at noon.' And when Joseph saw Benjamin with them, he said to the ruler of his house, Bring these men home, and slay, and make ready; for these men shall dine with me at noon.
Genesis 43:17 And the man did as Joseph bade; and the man brought the men into Joseph's house. And the man did as Joseph bade; and the man brought the men to Joseph's house.He did as he was commanded, and brought the men into the house.\  And the man did as Joseph had said; and the man brought the men into Joseph's house. And the man did as Joseph bade; and the man brought the men into Joseph's house. And the man did as Joseph commanded: and the man brought the men into Joseph's house. The man did as Joseph commanded, and the man brought the men to Joseph's house. And the man doth as Joseph hath said, and the man bringeth in the men into the house of Joseph, And the man did as Joseph bade; and the man brought the men into Joseph's house.
Genesis 43:18 And the men were afraid, because they were brought into Joseph's house; and they said, Because of the money that was returned in our sacks at the first time are we brought in; that he may seek occasion against us, and fall upon us, and take us for bondmen, and our asses. And the men were afraid, because they were brought to Joseph's house; and they said, Because of the money that was returned in our sacks at the first time are we brought in; that he may seek occasion against us, and fall upon us, and take us for bondmen, and our asses. And they being much afraid, said there one to another: Because of the money, which we carried back the first time in our sacks, we are brought in: that he may bring upon us a false accusation, and by violence make slaves of us and our asses. And the men were afraid because they were brought into Joseph's house, and said, Because of the money that was returned to us in our sacks at the beginning are we brought in, that he may turn against us, and fall upon us and take us for bondmen, and our asses. And the men were afraid, because they were brought into Joseph's house; and they said, Because of the money that was returned in our sacks at the first time are we brought in; that he may seek occasion against us, and fall upon us, and take us for bondmen, and our asses. And the men were afraid, because they were brought into Joseph's house; and they said, Because of the money that was returned in our sacks at the first time, are we brought in; that he may seek occasion against us, and fall upon us, and take us for bond-men, and our asses. The men were afraid, because they were brought to Joseph's house; and they said, "Because of the money that was returned in our sacks at the first time, we're brought in; that he may seek occasion against us, attack us, and seize us as slaves, along with our donkeys." and the men are afraid because they have been brought into the house of Joseph, and they say, 'For the matter of the money which was put back in our bags at the commencement are we brought in &#8212; to roll himself upon us, and to throw himself on us, and to take us for servants &#8212; our asses also.' And the men were afraid, because they were brought into Joseph's house; and they said, Because of the money that was returned in our sacks at the first time are we brought in; that he may seek occasion against us, and fall on us, and take us for slaves, and our asses.
Genesis 43:19 And they came near to the steward of Joseph's house, and they communed with him at the door of the house, And they came near to the steward of Joseph's house, and they spake unto him at the door of the house, Wherefore going up to the steward of the house, at the door,  And they came up to the man that was over Joseph's house, and they spoke to him at the door of the house, And they came near to the steward of Joseph's house, and they spake unto him at the door of the house, And they came near to the steward of Joseph's house, and they communed with him at the door of the house, They came near to the steward of Joseph's house, and they spoke to him at the door of the house, And they come nigh unto the man who is over the house of Joseph, and speak unto him at the opening of the house, And they came near to the steward of Joseph's house, and they communed with him at the door of the house, 
Genesis 43:20 And said, O sir, we came indeed down at the first time to buy food: and said, Oh, my lord, we came indeed down at the first time to buy food: They said: Sir, we desire thee to hear us: We came down once before to buy food:  and said, Ah! my lord, we came indeed down at the first to buy food. And said, Oh my lord, we came indeed down at the first time to buy food: And said, O sir, we came down indeed at the first time to buy food: and said, "Oh, my lord, we indeed came down the first time to buy food. And say, 'O, my lord, we really come down at the commencement to buy food; And said, O sir, we came indeed down at the first time to buy food: 
Genesis 43:21 And it came to pass, when we came to the inn, that we opened our sacks, and, behold, every man's money was in the mouth of his sack, our money in full weight: and we have brought it again in our hand. And it came to pass, when we came to the lodging-place, that we opened our sacks, and, behold, every man's money was in the mouth of his sack, our money in full weight: and we have brought it again in our hand. And when we had bought, and come to the inn, we opened our sacks, and found our money in the mouths of the sacks: which we have now brought again in the same weight. And it came to pass when we came to the inn, that we opened our sacks, and behold, every man's money was in the mouth of his sack, our money according to its weight; and we have brought it again in our hand. And it came to pass, when we came to the lodging place, that we opened our sacks, and, behold, every man's money was in the mouth of his sack, our money in full weight: and we have brought it again in our hand. And it came to pass, when we came to the inn, that we opened our sacks, and behold, every man's money was in the mouth of his sack, our money in full weight: and we have brought it again in our hand.When we came to the lodging place, we opened our sacks, and behold, each man's money was in the mouth of his sack, our money in full weight. We have brought it back in our hand. And it cometh to pass, when we have come in unto the lodging-place, and open our bags, that lo, each one's money is in the mouth of his bag, our money in its weight, and we bring it back in our hand; And it came to pass, when we came to the inn, that we opened our sacks, and, behold, every man's money was in the mouth of his sack, our money in full weight: and we have brought it again in our hand.
Genesis 43:22 And other money have we brought down in our hands to buy food: we cannot tell who put our money in our sacks. And other money have we brought down in our hand to buy food: we know not who put our money in our sacks. And we have brought other money besides, to buy what we want: we cannot tell who put it in our bags. And other money have we brought down in our hand to buy food. We do not know who put our money in our sacks. And other money have we brought down in our hand to buy food: we know not who put our money in our sacks. And other money have we brought down in our hands to buy food: we cannot tell who put our money in our sacks.We have brought down other money in our hand to buy food. We don't know who put our money in our sacks." and other money have we brought down in our hand to buy food; we have not known who put our money in our bags.' And other money have we brought down in our hands to buy food: we cannot tell who put our money in our sacks.
Genesis 43:23 And he said, Peace be to you, fear not: your God, and the God of your father, hath given you treasure in your sacks: I had your money. And he brought Simeon out unto them. And he said, Peace be to you, fear not: your God, and the God of your father, hath given you treasure in your sacks: I had your money. And he brought Simeon out unto them.But he answered: Peace be with you, fear not: your God, and the God of your Father hath given you treasure in your sacks. For the money, which you gave me, I have for good. And he brought Simeon out to them. And he said, Peace be to you, fear not: your God, and the God of your father, has given you treasure in your sacks; your money came to me. And he brought Simeon out to them. And he said, Peace be to you, fear not: your God, and the God of your father, hath given you treasure in your sacks: I had your money. And he brought Simeon out unto them. And he said, Peace be to you, fear not: your God, and the God of your father, hath given you treasure in your sacks: I had your money. And he brought Simeon out to them.He said, "Peace be to you. Don't be afraid. Your God, and the God of your father, has given you treasure in your sacks. I received your money." He brought Simeon out to them. And he saith, 'Peace to you, fear not: your God and the God of your father hath given to you hidden treasure in your bags, your money came unto me;' and he bringeth out Simeon unto them. And he said, Peace be to you, fear not: your God, and the God of your father, has given you treasure in your sacks: I had your money. And he brought Simeon out to them.
Genesis 43:24 And the man brought the men into Joseph's house, and gave them water, and they washed their feet; and he gave their asses provender. And the man brought the men into Joseph's house, and gave them water, and they washed their feet. And he gave their asses provender. And having brought them into the house, he fetched water, and they washed their feet, and he gave provender to their asses. And the man brought the men into Joseph's house, and gave water, and they washed their feet; and he gave their asses food. And the man brought the men into Joseph's house, and gave them water, and they washed their feet; and he gave their asses provender. And the man brought the men into Joseph's house, and gave them water, and they washed their feet; and he gave their asses provender. The man brought the men into Joseph's house, and gave them water, and they washed their feet. He gave their donkeys fodder. And the man bringeth in the men into Joseph's house, and giveth water, and they wash their feet; and he giveth provender for their asses, And the man brought the men into Joseph's house, and gave them water, and they washed their feet; and he gave their asses provender.
Genesis 43:25 And they made ready the present against Joseph came at noon: for they heard that they should eat bread there. And they made ready the present against Joseph's coming at noon: for they heard that they should eat bread there.But they made ready the presents, against Joseph came at noon: for they had heard that they should eat bread there. And they made ready the gift for Joseph's coming at noon; for they had heard that they should eat bread there. And they made ready the present against Joseph came at noon: for they heard that they should eat bread there. And they made ready the present against Joseph should come at noon: for they heard that they should eat bread there. They prepared the present for Joseph's coming at noon, for they heard that they should eat bread there. And they prepare the present until the coming of Joseph at noon, for they have heard that there they do eat bread. And they made ready the present against Joseph came at noon: for they heard that they should eat bread there.
Genesis 43:26 And when Joseph came home, they brought him the present which was in their hand into the house, and bowed themselves to him to the earth. And when Joseph came home, they brought him the present which was in their hand into the house, and bowed down themselves to him to the earth. Then Joseph came into his house, and they offered him the presents holding them in their hands, and they bowed down with their face to the ground. When Joseph came home, they brought him the gift that was in their hand, into the house, and bowed themselves to him to the earth. And when Joseph came home, they brought him the present which was in their hand into the house, and bowed down themselves to him to the earth. And when Joseph came home, they brought him the present which was in their hand into the house, and bowed themselves to him to the earth.When Joseph came home, they brought him the present which was in their hand into the house, and bowed themselves down to him to the earth. And Joseph cometh into the house, and they bring to him the present which is in their hand, into the house, and bow themselves to him, to the earth; And when Joseph came home, they brought him the present which was in their hand into the house, and bowed themselves to him to the earth.
Genesis 43:27 And he asked them of their welfare, and said, Is your father well, the old man of whom ye spake? Is he yet alive? And he asked them of their welfare, and said, Is your father well, the old man of whom ye spake? Is he yet alive? But he, courteously saluting them again, asked them, saying: Is the old man your father in health, of whom uou told me? Is he yet living?  And he asked them of their welfare, and said, Is your father well the old man of whom ye spoke? Is he yet alive? And he asked them of their welfare, and said, Is your father well, the old man of whom ye spake? Is he yet alive? And he asked them of their welfare, and said, Is your father well, the old man of whom ye spoke? Is he yet alive? He asked them of their welfare, and said, "Is your father well, the old man of whom you spoke? Is he yet alive?" and he asketh of them of peace, and saith, 'Is your father well? the aged man of whom ye have spoken, is he yet alive?' And he asked them of their welfare, and said, Is your father well, the old man of whom you spoke? Is he yet alive? 
Genesis 43:28 And they answered, Thy servant our father is in good health, he is yet alive. And they bowed down their heads, and made obeisance. And they said, Thy servant our father is well, he is yet alive. And they bowed the head, and made obeisance. And they answered: Thy servant our father is in health, he is yet living. And bowing themselves they made obeisance to him. And they said, Thy servant our father is well; he is yet alive. And they bowed, and made obeisance. And they said, Thy servant our father is well, he is yet alive. And they bowed the head, and made obeisance. And they answered, Thy servant, our father, is in good health, he is yet alive: and they bowed their heads and made obeisance. They said, "Your servant, our father, is well. He is still alive." They bowed the head, and did homage. And they say, 'Thy servant our father is well, he is yet alive;' and they bow, and do obeisance. And they answered, Your servant our father is in good health, he is yet alive. And they bowed down their heads, and made obeisance.
Genesis 43:29 And he lifted up his eyes, and saw his brother Benjamin, his mother's son, and said, Is this your younger brother, of whom ye spake unto me? And he said, God be gracious unto thee, my son. And he lifted up his eyes, and saw Benjamin his brother, his mother's son, and said, Is this your youngest brother, of whom ye spake unto me? And he said, God be gracious unto thee, my son. And Joseph lifting up his eyes, saw Benjamin his brother, by the same mother, and said: Is this your young brother, of whom you told me? And he said: God be gracious to thee, my son. And he lifted up his eyes and saw his brother Benjamin, his mother's son, and said, Is this your younger brother of whom ye spoke to me? And he said, God be gracious to thee, my son! And he lifted up his eyes, and saw Benjamin his brother, his mother's son, and said, Is this your youngest brother, of whom ye spake unto me? And he said, God be gracious unto thee, my son. And he lifted up his eyes, and saw his brother Benjamin, his mother's son, and said, Is this your younger brother, of whom ye spoke to me? And he said, God be gracious to thee, my son.He lifted up his eyes, and saw Benjamin, his brother, his mother's son, and said, "Is this your youngest brother, of whom you spoke to me?" He said, "God be gracious to you, my son." And he lifteth up his eyes, and seeth Benjamin his brother, his mother's son, and saith, 'Is this your young brother, of whom ye have spoken unto me?' and he saith, 'God favour thee, my son.' And he lifted up his eyes, and saw his brother Benjamin, his mother's son, and said, Is this your younger brother, of whom you spoke to me? And he said, God be gracious to you, my son.
Genesis 43:30 And Joseph made haste; for his bowels did yearn upon his brother: and he sought where to weep; and he entered into his chamber, and wept there. And Joseph made haste; for his heart yearned over his brother: and he sought where to weep; and he entered into his chamber, and wept there. And he made haste becouse his heart was moved upon his brother, and tears gushed out: And going into his chamber he wept. And Joseph made haste, for his bowels burned for his brother; and he sought a place to weep, and he went into the chamber, and wept there. And Joseph made haste; for his bowels did yearn upon his brother: and he sought where to weep; and he entered into his chamber, and wept there. And Joseph made haste; for his bowels yearned towards his brother: and he sought where to weep; and he entered into his chamber, and wept there.Joseph hurried, for his heart yearned over his brother; and he sought a place to weep. He entered into his room, and wept there. And Joseph hasteth, for his bowels have been moved for his brother, and he seeketh to weep, and entereth the inner chamber, and weepeth there; And Joseph made haste; for his bowels did yearn on his brother: and he sought where to weep; and he entered into his chamber, and wept there.
Genesis 43:31 And he washed his face, and went out, and refrained himself, and said, Set on bread. And he washed his face, and came out; and he refrained himself, and said, Set on bread. And when he had washed his face, coming out again, he refrained himself, and said: Set bread on the table. And he washed his face, and came out, and controlled himself, and said, Set on bread. And he washed his face, and came out; and he refrained himself, and said, Set on bread. And he washed his face, and went out, and refrained himself, and said, Set on bread.He washed his face, and came out. He controlled himself, and said, "Serve the meal." and he washeth his face, and goeth out, and refraineth himself, and saith, 'Place bread.' And he washed his face, and went out, and refrained himself, and said, Set on bread.
Genesis 43:32 And they set on for him by himself, and for them by themselves, and for the Egyptians, which did eat with him, by themselves: because the Egyptians might not eat bread with the Hebrews; for that is an abomination unto the Egyptians. And they set on for him by himself, and for them by themselves, and for the Egyptians, that did eat with him, by themselves: because the Egyptians might not eat bread with the Hebrews; for that is an abomination unto the Egyptians. And when it was set on, for Joseph apart, and for his brethren apart, for the Egyptians also that ate with him, apart, (for it is unlawful for the Egyptians to eat with the Hebrews, and they think such a feast profane:)  And they set on for him by himself, and for them by themselves, and for the Egyptians who ate with him by themselves; because the Egyptians might not eat bread with the Hebrews, for that is an abomination unto the Egyptians. And they set on for him by himself, and for them by themselves, and for the Egyptians, which did eat with him, by themselves: because the Egyptians might not eat bread with the Hebrews; for that is an abomination unto the Egyptians. And they set on for him by himself, and for them by themselves, and for the Egyptians who ate with him, by themselves; because the Egyptians might not eat bread with the Hebrews; for that is an abomination to the Egyptians. They served him by himself, and them by themselves, and the Egyptians, that ate with him, by themselves, because the Egyptians don't eat bread with the Hebrews, for that is an abomination to the Egyptians. And they place for him by himself, and for them by themselves, and for the Egyptians who are eating with him by themselves: for the Egyptians are unable to eat bread with the Hebrews, for it is an abomination to the Egyptians. And they set on for him by himself, and for them by themselves, and for the Egyptians, which did eat with him, by themselves: because the Egyptians might not eat bread with the Hebrews; for that is an abomination to the Egyptians.
Genesis 43:33 And they sat before him, the firstborn according to his birthright, and the youngest according to his youth: and the men marvelled one at another. And they sat before him, the first-born according to his birthright, and the youngest according to his youth: and the men marvelled one with another. They sat before him, the firstborn according to his birthright, and the youngest according to his age. And they wondered very much:  And they sat before him, the firstborn according to his birthright, and the youngest according to his youth; and the men marvelled one at another. And they sat before him, the firstborn according to his birthright, and the youngest according to his youth: and the men marveled one with another. And they sat before him, the first-born according to his birth-right, and the youngest according to his youth: and the men wondered one at another. They sat before him, the firstborn according to his birthright, and the youngest according to his youth, and the men marveled one with another. And they sit before him, the first-born according to his birthright, and the young one according to his youth, and the men wonder one at another; And they sat before him, the firstborn according to his birthright, and the youngest according to his youth: and the men marveled one at another.
Genesis 43:34 And he took and sent messes unto them from before him: but Benjamin's mess was five times so much as any of theirs. And they drank, and were merry with him. And he took and sent messes unto them from before him: but Benjamin's mess was five times so much as any of theirs. And they drank, and were merry with him. Taking the messes which they received of him: and the greater mess came to Benjamin, so that it exceeded by five parts. And they drank, and were merry with him. And he had portions carried to them from before him. And Benjamin's portion was five times greater than the portions of them all. And they drank, and made merry with him. And he took and sent messes unto them from before him: but Benjamin's mess was five times so much as any of theirs. And they drank, and were merry with him. And he took and sent messes to them from before him: but Benjamin's mess was five times so much as any of theirs. And they drank, and were merry with him.He sent portions to them from before him, but Benjamin's portion was five times as much as any of theirs. They drank, and were merry with him. And he lifteth up gifts from before him unto them, and the gift of Benjamin is five hands more than the gifts of all of them; and they drink, yea, they drink abundantly with him. And he took and sent messes to them from before him: but Benjamin's mess was five times so much as any of theirs. And they drank, and were merry with him.
Genesis 44:1 And he commanded the steward of his house, saying, Fill the men's sacks with food, as much as they can carry, and put every man's money in his sack's mouth. And he commanded the steward of his house, saying, Fill the men's sacks with food, as much as they can carry, and put every man's money in his sack's mouth. And Joseph commanded the steward of his house, saying: Fill their sacks with corn, as much as they can hold: and put the money of every one in the top of his sack. And he commanded him who was over his house, saying, Fill the men's sacks with food, as much as they can carry; and put every man's money in the mouth of his sack. And he commanded the steward of his house, saying, Fill the men's sacks with food, as much as they can carry, and put every man's money in his sack's mouth. And he commanded the steward of his house, saying, Fill the men's sacks with food, as much as they can carry, and put every man's money in his sack's mouth.He commanded the steward of his house, saying, "Fill the men's sacks with food, as much as they can carry, and put each man's money in his sack's mouth. And he commandeth him who is over his house, saying, 'Fill the bags of the men with food, as they are able to bear, and put the money of each in the mouth of his bag; And he commanded the steward of his house, saying, Fill the men's sacks with food, as much as they can carry, and put every man's money in his sack's mouth.
Genesis 44:2 And put my cup, the silver cup, in the sack's mouth of the youngest, and his corn money. And he did according to the word that Joseph had spoken. And put my cup, the silver cup, in the sack's mouth of the youngest, and his grain money. And he did according to the word that Joseph had spoken. And in the mouth of the younger's sack put my silver cup, and the price which he gave for the wheat. And it was so done. And put my cup, the silver cup, in the mouth of the sack of the youngest, and his grain-money. And he did according to the word of Joseph which he had spoken. And put my cup, the silver cup, in the sack's mouth of the youngest, and his corn money. And he did according to the word that Joseph had spoken. And put my cup, the silver cup, in the sack's mouth of the youngest, and his corn money: and he did according to the word that Joseph had spoken.Put my cup, the silver cup, in the sack's mouth of the youngest, with his grain money." He did according to the word that Joseph had spoken. And my cup, the silver cup, thou dost put in the mouth of the bag of the young one, and his corn-money;' and he doth according to the word of Joseph which he hath spoken. And put my cup, the silver cup, in the sack's mouth of the youngest, and his corn money. And he did according to the word that Joseph had spoken.
Genesis 44:3 As soon as the morning was light, the men were sent away, they and their asses. As soon as the morning was light, the men were sent away, they and their asses. And when the morning arose, they were sent away with their asses. In the morning, when it was light, the men were sent away, they and their asses. As soon as the morning was light, the men were sent away, they and their asses. As soon as the morning was light, the men were sent away, they, and their asses. As soon as the morning was light, the men were sent away, they and their donkeys. The morning is bright, and the men have been sent away, they and their asses &#8212;  As soon as the morning was light, the men were sent away, they and their asses.
Genesis 44:4 And when they were gone out of the city, and not yet far off, Joseph said unto his steward, Up, follow after the men; and when thou dost overtake them, say unto them, Wherefore have ye rewarded evil for good? And when they were gone out of the city, and were not yet far off, Joseph said unto his steward, Up, follow after the men; and when thou dost overtake them, say unto them, Wherefore have ye rewarded evil for good? And when they were now departed out of the city, and had gone forward a little way; Joseph sendingfor the steward of his house, said: Arise, and pursue after the men: and when thou hast overtaken them, say to them: Why have you returned evil for good?  They were gone out of the city, and not yet far off, when Joseph said to him who was over his house, Up! follow after the men; and when thou overtakest them, thou shalt say to them, Why have ye rewarded evil for good? And when they were gone out of the city, and were not yet far off, Joseph said unto his steward, Up, follow after the men; and when thou dost overtake them, say unto them, Wherefore have ye rewarded evil for good? And when they had gone out of the city, and were not yet far off, Joseph said to his steward, Arise, follow after the men; and when thou dost overtake them, say to them, Why have ye rewarded evil for good? When they had gone out of the city, and were not yet far off, Joseph said to his steward, "Up, follow after the men. When you overtake them, ask them, 'Why have you rewarded evil for good? they have gone out of the city &#8212; they have not gone far off &#8212; and Joseph hath said to him who is over his house, 'Rise, pursue after the men; and thou hast overtaken them, and thou hast said unto them, Why have ye recompensed evil for good? And when they were gone out of the city, and not yet far off, Joseph said to his steward, Up, follow after the men; and when you do overtake them, say to them, Why have you rewarded evil for good? 
Genesis 44:5 Is not this it in which my lord drinketh, and whereby indeed he divineth? ye have done evil in so doing.Is not this that in which my lord drinketh, and whereby he indeed divineth? ye have done evil in so doing. The cup which you have stolen is that in which my lord drinketh, and in which he is wont to divine: you have done a very evil thing. Is not this it in which my lord drinks, and in which indeed he divines? Ye have done evil in what ye have done.Is not this it in which my lord drinketh, and whereby he indeed divineth? ye have done evil in so doing.Is not this the cup in which my lord drinketh, and by which indeed he divineth? ye have done evil in so doing.Isn't this that from which my lord drinks, and by which he indeed divines? You have done evil in so doing.'" Is not this that with which my lord drinketh? and he observeth diligently with it; ye have done evil in that which ye have done.' Is not this it in which my lord drinks, and whereby indeed he divines? you have done evil in so doing.
Genesis 44:6 And he overtook them, and he spake unto them these same words. And he overtook them, and he spake unto them these words.He did as he had commanded him. And having overtaken them, he spoke to them the same words. And he overtook them, and he spoke to them these words. And he overtook them, and he spake unto them these words. And he overtook them, and he spoke to them these same words.He overtook them, and he spoke these words to them. And he overtaketh them, and speaketh unto them these words, And he overtook them, and he spoke to them these same words.
Genesis 44:7 And they said unto him, Wherefore saith my lord these words? God forbid that thy servants should do according to this thing: And they said unto him, Wherefore speaketh my lord such words as these? Far be it from thy servants that they should do such a thing. And they answered: Why doth our lord speak so, as though thy servants had committed so heinous a fact?  And they said to him, Why does my lord speak such words as these? Far be it from thy servants to do such a thing! And they said unto him, Wherefore speaketh my lord such words as these? God forbid that thy servants should do such a thing. And they said to him, Why saith my lord these words? Far be it from us that thy servants should do according to this thing: They said to him, "Why does my lord speak such words as these? Far be it from your servants that they should do such a thing! and they say unto him, 'Why doth my lord speak according to these words? far be it from thy servants to do according to this word; And they said to him, Why said my lord these words? God forbid that your servants should do according to this thing: 
Genesis 44:8 Behold, the money, which we found in our sacks' mouths, we brought again unto thee out of the land of Canaan: how then should we steal out of thy lord's house silver or gold? Behold, the money, which we found in our sacks mouths, we brought again unto thee out of the land of Canaan: how then should we steal out of thy lord's house silver or gold? The money, that we found in the top of our sacks, we brought back to thee from the land of Chanaan: how then should it be that we should steal out of thy lord's house, gold or silver?\  Behold, the money that we found in our sacks' mouths we have brought again to thee from the land of Canaan; and how should we steal out of thy lord's house silver or gold? Behold, the money, which we found in our sacks' mouths, we brought again unto thee out of the land of Canaan: how then should we steal out of thy lord's house silver or gold? Behold, the money which we found in our sacks' mouths, we brought again to thee from the land of Canaan: how then should we steal from thy lord's house silver or gold? Behold, the money, which we found in our sacks' mouths, we brought again to you out of the land of Canaan. How then should we steal silver or gold out of your lord's house? lo, the money which we found in the mouth of our bags we brought back unto thee from the land of Canaan, and how do we steal from the house of thy lord silver or gold? Behold, the money, which we found in our sacks' mouths, we brought again to you out of the land of Canaan: how then should we steal out of your lord's house silver or gold? 
Genesis 44:9 With whomsoever of thy servants it be found, both let him die, and we also will be my lord's bondmen.With whomsoever of thy servants it be found, let him die, and we also will be my lord's bondmen.With whomsoever of thy servants shall be found that which thou seekest, let him die, and we will be the bondmen of my lord. With whomsoever of thy servants it is found, let him die; and we also will be my lord's bondmen.With whomsoever of thy servants it be found, let him die, and we also will be my lord's bondmen.With whom soever of thy servants it shall be found, both let him die, and we also will be my lord's bond-men.With whoever of your servants it be found, let him die, and we also will be my lord's bondservants." with whomsoever of thy servants it is found, he hath died, and we also are to my lord for servants.' With whomsoever of your servants it be found, both let him die, and we also will be my lord's slaves.
Genesis 44:10 And he said, Now also let it be according unto your words: he with whom it is found shall be my servant; and ye shall be blameless. And he said, Now also let it be according unto your words: he with whom it is found shall be my bondman; and ye shall be blameless. And he said to them: Let it be according to your sentence: with whomsoever it shall be found, let him be my servant, and you shall be blameless. And he said, Now also let it be according to your words: let him with whom it is found be my bondman, but ye shall be blameless. And he said, Now also let it be according unto your words: he with whom it is found shall be my bondman; and ye shall be blameless. And he said, Now also let it be according to your words: he with whom it shall be found, shall be my servant; and ye shall be blameless.He said, "Now also let it be according to your words: he with whom it is found will be my bondservant; and you will be blameless." And he saith, 'Now, also, according to your words, so it is; he with whom it is found becometh my servant, and ye are acquitted;' And he said, Now also let it be according to your words: he with whom it is found shall be my servant; and you shall be blameless.
Genesis 44:11 Then they speedily took down every man his sack to the ground, and opened every man his sack. Then they hasted, and took down every man his sack to the ground, and opened every man his sack. Them they speedily took down their sacks to the ground, and every man opened his sack. And they hasted and laid down every man his sack on the ground, and opened every man his sack. Then they hasted, and took down every man his sack to the ground, and opened every man his sack. Then they speedily took down every man his sack to the ground, and opened every man his sack. Then they hurried, and each man took his sack down to the ground, and each man opened his sack. And they hasten and take down each his bag to the earth, and each openeth his bag; Then they speedily took down every man his sack to the ground, and opened every man his sack.
Genesis 44:12 And he searched, and began at the eldest, and left at the youngest: and the cup was found in Benjamin's sack. And he searched, and began at the eldest, and left off at the youngest: and the cup was found in Benjamin's sack.Which when he had searched, beginning at the eldest and ending at the youngest, he found the cup in Benjamin's sack. And he searched carefully: he began at the eldest, and ended at the youngest; and the cup was found in Benjamin's sack. And he searched, and began at the eldest, and left at the youngest: and the cup was found in Benjamin's sack. And he searched, and began at the eldest, and left at the youngest: and the cup was found in Benjamin's sack.He searched, beginning with the eldest, and ending at the youngest. The cup was found in Benjamin's sack. And he searcheth &#8212; at the eldest he hath begun, and at the youngest he hath completed &#8212; and the cup is found in the bag of Benjamin; And he searched, and began at the oldest, and left at the youngest: and the cup was found in Benjamin's sack.
Genesis 44:13 Then they rent their clothes, and laded every man his ass, and returned to the city. Then they rent their clothes, and laded every man his ass, and returned to the city. Then they rent their garments, and loading their asses again, returned into the town. Then they rent their clothes, and loaded every man his ass, and they returned to the city. Then they rent their clothes, and laded every man his ass, and returned to the city. Then they rent their clothes, and loaded every man his ass, and returned to the city. Then they tore their clothes, and each man loaded his donkey, and returned to the city. And they rend their garments, and each ladeth his ass, and they turn back to the city. Then they rent their clothes, and laded every man his ass, and returned to the city.
Genesis 44:14 And Judah and his brethren came to Joseph's house; for he was yet there: and they fell before him on the ground. And Judah and his brethren came to Joseph's house; and he was yet there: and they fell before him on the ground. And Juda at the head of his brethren went in to Joseph, (for he was not yet gone out of the place, ) and they altogether fell down before him on the ground. And Judah and his brethren came to Joseph's house; and he was still there; and they fell down before him to the ground. And Judah and his brethren came to Joseph's house; and he was yet there: and they fell before him on the ground. And Judah and his brethren came to Joseph's house, (for he was yet there:) and they fell before him on the ground.Judah and his brothers came to Joseph's house, and he was still there. They fell on the ground before him. And Judah &#8212; his brethren also &#8212; cometh in unto the house of Joseph, and he is yet there, and they fall before him to the earth; And Judah and his brothers came to Joseph's house; for he was yet there: and they fell before him on the ground.
Genesis 44:15 And Joseph said unto them, What deed is this that ye have done? wot ye not that such a man as I can certainly divine? And Joseph said unto them, What deed is this that ye have done? know ye not that such a man as I can indeed divine? And he said to them: Why would you do so? know you not that there is no one like me in the science of divining. And Joseph said to them, What deed is this which ye have done? Did ye not know that such a man as I can certainly divine? And Joseph said unto them, What deed is this that ye have done? know ye not that such a man as I can indeed divine? And Joseph said to them, What deed is this that ye have done? knew ye not that such a man as I can certainly divine? Joseph said to them, "What deed is this that you have done? Don't you know that such a man as I can indeed divine?" and Joseph saith to them, 'What is this deed that ye have done? have ye not known that a man like me doth diligently observe?' And Joseph said to them, What deed is this that you have done? know you not that such a man as I can certainly divine? 
Genesis 44:16 And Judah said, What shall we say unto my lord? what shall we speak? or how shall we clear ourselves? God hath found out the iniquity of thy servants: behold, we are my lord's servants, both we, and he also with whom the cup is found. And Judah said, What shall we say unto my lord? what shall we speak? or how shall we clear ourselves? God hath found out the iniquity of thy servants: behold, we are my lord's bondmen, both we, and he also in whose hand the cup is found. And Juda said to him: What shall we answer my lord? or what shall we say, or be able justly to allege? God hath found out the iniquity of thy servants: behold, we are all bondmen to my lord, both we, and he with whom the cup was found. And Judah said, What shall we say to my lord? what shall we speak, and how justify ourselves? God has found out the iniquity of thy servants; behold, we are my lord's bondmen, both we, and he in whose hand the cup has been found. And Judah said, What shall we say unto my lord? what shall we speak? or how shall we clear ourselves? God hath found out the iniquity of thy servants: behold, we are my lord's bondmen, both we, and he also in whose hand the cup is found. And Judah said, What shall we say to my lord? what shall we speak? or how shall we clear ourselves? God hath found out the iniquity of thy servants: behold we are my lord's servants, both we, and he also with whom the cup is found.Judah said, "What will we tell my lord? What will we speak? Or how will we clear ourselves? God has found out the iniquity of your servants. Behold, we are my lord's bondservants, both we, and he also in whose hand the cup is found." And Judah saith, 'What do we say to my lord? what do we speak? and what &#8212; do we justify ourselves? God hath found out the iniquity of thy servants; lo, we are servants to my lord, both we, and he in whose hand the cup hath been found;' And Judah said, What shall we say to my lord? what shall we speak?  or how shall we clear ourselves? God has found out the iniquity of your servants: behold, we are my lord's servants, both we, and he also with whom the cup is found.
Genesis 44:17 And he said, God forbid that I should do so: but the man in whose hand the cup is found, he shall be my servant; and as for you, get you up in peace unto your father. And he said, Far be it from me that I should do so: the man in whose hand the cup is found, he shall be my bondman; but as for you, get you up in peace unto your father.Joseph answered: God forbid that should do so: he that stole the cup, he shall be my bondman: and go you away free to your father. And he said, Far be it from me to do so! The man in whose hand the cup has been found, he shall be my bondman; but as for you, go up in peace to your father. And he said, God forbid that I should do so: the man in whose hand the cup is found, he shall be my bondman; but as for you, get you up in peace unto your father. And he said, Far be it from me that I should do so: the man in whose hand the cup is found, he shall be my servant; and as for you, go in peace to your father.He said, "Far be it from me that I should do so. The man in whose hand the cup is found, he will be my bondservant; but as for you, go up in peace to your father." and he saith, 'Far be it from me to do this; the man in whose hand the cup hath been found, he becometh my servant; and ye, go ye up in peace unto your father.' And he said, God forbid that I should do so: but the man in whose hand the cup is found, he shall be my servant; and as for you, get you up in peace to your father.
Genesis 44:18 Then Judah came near unto him, and said, Oh my lord, let thy servant, I pray thee, speak a word in my lord's ears, and let not thine anger burn against thy servant: for thou art even as Pharaoh. Then Judah came near unto him, and said, Oh, my lord, let thy servant, I pray thee, speak a word in my lord's ears, and let not thine anger burn against thy servant; for thou art even as Pharaoh. Then Juda coming hearer, said boldly: I beseech thee, my lord, let thy servant speak a word in thy ears,and be not angry with thy servant: for after Pharao thou art,  Then Judah came near to him, and said, Ah! my lord, let thy servant, I pray thee, speak a word in my lord's ears, and let not thine anger burn against thy servant; for thou art even as Pharaoh. Then Judah came near unto him, and said, Oh my lord, let thy servant, I pray thee, speak a word in my lord's ears, and let not thine anger burn against thy servant: for thou art even as Pharaoh. Then Judah came near to him, and said, Oh my lord, let thy servant, I pray thee, speak a word in my lord's ears, and let not thy anger burn against thy servant; for thou art even as Pharaoh. Then Judah came near to him, and said, "Oh, my lord, please let your servant speak a word in my lord's ears, and don't let your anger burn against your servant; for you are even as Pharaoh. And Judah cometh nigh unto him, and saith, 'O, my lord, let thy servant speak, I pray thee, a word in the ears of my lord, and let not thine anger burn against thy servant &#8212; for thou art as Pharaoh. Then Judah came near to him, and said, Oh my lord, let your servant, I pray you, speak a word in my lord's ears, and let not your anger burn against your servant: for you are even as Pharaoh.
Genesis 44:19 My lord asked his servants, saying, Have ye a father, or a brother? My lord asked his servants, saying, Have ye a father, or a brother? My lord. Thou didst ask thy servants the first time: Have you a father or a brother?  My lord asked his servants, saying, Have ye a father, or a brother? My lord asked his servants, saying, Have ye a father, or a brother? My lord asked his servants, saying, Have ye a father, or a brother? My lord asked his servants, saying, 'Have you a father, or a brother?' My lord hath asked his servants, saying, Have ye a father or brother? My lord asked his servants, saying, Have you a father, or a brother? 
Genesis 44:20 And we said unto my lord, We have a father, an old man, and a child of his old age, a little one; and his brother is dead, and he alone is left of his mother, and his father loveth him. And we said unto my lord, We have a father, an old man, and a child of his old age, a little one; and his brother is dead, and he alone is left of his mother; and his father loveth him. And we answered thee, my lord: We have a father an old man, and a young boy, that was born in his old age; whose brother by the mother is dead: and he alone is left of his mother, and his father loveth him tenderly. And we said to my lord, We have an aged father, and a child born to him in his old age, yet young; and his brother is dead, and he alone is left of his mother; and his father loves him. And we said unto my lord, We have a father, an old man, and a child of his old age, a little one; and his brother is dead, and he alone is left of his mother, and his father loveth him. And we said to my lord, We have a father, an old man, and a child of his old age, a little one: and his brother is dead, and he alone is left of his mother, and his father loveth him.We said to my lord, 'We have a father, an old man, and a child of his old age, a little one; and his brother is dead, and he alone is left of his mother; and his father loves him.' and we say unto my lord, We have a father, an aged one, and a child of old age, a little one; and his brother died, and he is left alone of his mother, and his father hath loved him. And we said to my lord, We have a father, an old man, and a child of his old age, a little one; and his brother is dead, and he alone is left of his mother, and his father loves him.
Genesis 44:21 And thou saidst unto thy servants, Bring him down unto me, that I may set mine eyes upon him. And thou saidst unto thy servants, Bring him down unto me, that I may set mine eyes upon him. And thou saidst to thy servants: Bring him hither to me, and I will set my eyes on him. And thou saidst unto thy servants, Bring him down to me, that I may set mine eye on him. And thou saidst unto thy servants, Bring him down unto me, that I may set mine eyes upon him. And thou saidst to thy servants, Bring him down to me, that I may set my eyes upon him.You said to your servants, 'Bring him down to me, that I may set my eyes on him.' 'And thou sayest unto thy servants, Bring him down unto me, and I set mine eye upon him; And you said to your servants, Bring him down to me, that I may set my eyes on him.
Genesis 44:22 And we said unto my lord, The lad cannot leave his father: for if he should leave his father, his father would die. And we said unto my lord, The lad cannot leave his father: for if he should leave his father, his father would die.We suggested to my lord: The boy cannot leave his father: for if he leave him, he will die. And we said to my lord, The youth cannot leave his father: if he should leave his father, his father would die. And we said unto my lord, The lad cannot leave his father: for if he should leave his father, his father would die. And we said to my lord, The lad cannot leave his father; for if he should leave his father, his father would die.We said to my lord, 'The boy can't leave his father: for if he should leave his father, his father would die.' and we say unto my lord, The youth is not able to leave his father, when he hath left his father, then he hath died; And we said to my lord, The lad cannot leave his father: for if he should leave his father, his father would die.
Genesis 44:23 And thou saidst unto thy servants, Except your youngest brother come down with you, ye shall see my face no more. And thou saidst unto thy servants, Except your youngest brother come down with you, ye shall see my face no more. And thou saidst to thy servants: Except your youngest brother come with you, you shall see my face no more. And thou saidst to thy servants, Unless your youngest brother come down with you, ye shall see my face no more. And thou saidst unto thy servants, Except your youngest brother come down with you, ye shall see my face no more. And thou saidst to thy servants, Except your youngest brother shall come down with you, ye shall see my face no more.You said to your servants, 'Unless your youngest brother comes down with you, you will see my face no more.' and thou sayest unto thy servants, If your young brother come not down with you, ye add not to see my face. And you said to your servants, Except your youngest brother come down with you, you shall see my face no more.
Genesis 44:24 And it came to pass when we came up unto thy servant my father, we told him the words of my lord. And it came to pass when we came up unto thy servant my father, we told him the words of my lord. Therefore when we were gone up to thy servant our father, we told him all that my lord had said. And it came to pass when we came up to thy servant my father, we told him the words of my lord. And it came to pass when we came up unto thy servant my father, we told him the words of my lord. And it came to pass, when we came to thy servant, my father, we told him the words of my lord.It happened when we came up to your servant my father, we told him the words of my lord.'And it cometh to pass, that we have come up unto thy servant my father, that we declare to him the words of my lord; And it came to pass when we came up to your servant my father, we told him the words of my lord.
Genesis 44:25 And our father said, Go again, and buy us a little food. And our father said, Go again, buy us a little food. And our father said: Go again, and buy us a little wheat. And our father said, Go again, buy us a little food. And our father said, Go again, buy us a little food. And our father said, Go again; buy us a little food.Our father said, 'Go again, buy us a little food.' and our father saith, Turn back, buy for us a little food, And our father said, Go again, and buy us a little food.
Genesis 44:26 And we said, We cannot go down: if our youngest brother be with us, then will we go down: for we may not see the man's face, except our youngest brother be with us. And we said, We cannot go down: if our youngest brother be with us, then will we go down: for we may not see the man's face, expect our youngest brother be with us. And we said to him: We cannot go: if our youngest brother go down with us, we will set out together: otherwise, without him we dare not see the man's face. But we said, We cannot go down: if our youngest brother be with us, then will we go down; for we cannot see the man's face unless our youngest brother is with us. And we said, We cannot go down: if our youngest brother be with us, then will we go down: for we may not see the man's face, except our youngest brother be with us. And we said, We cannot go down: if our youngest brother shall be with us, then will we go down; for we may not see the man's face, except our youngest brother shall be with us.We said, 'We can't go down. If our youngest brother is with us, then we will go down: for we may not see the man's face, unless our youngest brother is with us.' and we say, We are not able to go down; if our young brother is with us, then we have gone down; for we are not able to see the man's face, and our young brother not with us. And we said, We cannot go down: if our youngest brother be with us, then will we go down: for we may not see the man's face, except our youngest brother be with us.
Genesis 44:27 And thy servant my father said unto us, Ye know that my wife bare me two sons: And thy servant my father said unto us, Ye know that my wife bare me two sons: Whereunto he answered: You know that my wife bore two. And thy servant my father said to us, Ye know that my wife bore me two sons; And thy servant my father said unto us, Ye know that my wife bare me two sons: And thy servant my father, said to us, Ye know that my wife bore me two sons: Your servant, my father, said to us, 'You know that my wife bore me two sons: And thy servant my father saith unto us, Ye &#8212; ye have known that two did my wife bare to me, And your servant my father said to us, You know that my wife bore me two sons: 
Genesis 44:28 And the one went out from me, and I said, Surely he is torn in pieces; and I saw him not since: and the one went out from me, and I said, Surely he is torn in pieces; and I have not seen him since: One went out, and you said: A beast devoured him: and hitherto he appeareth not. and the one went out from me, and I said, He must certainly have been torn in pieces; and I have not seen him again hitherto. And the one went out from me, and I said, Surely he is torn in pieces; and I have not seen him since: And the one went out from me, and I said, Surely he is torn in pieces; and I have not seen him since: and the one went out from me, and I said, "Surely he is torn in pieces;" and I haven't seen him since. And the one goeth out from me, and I say, Surely he is torn &#8212; torn! and I have not seen him since; And the one went out from me, and I said, Surely he is torn in pieces; and I saw him not since: 
Genesis 44:29 And if ye take this also from me, and mischief befall him, ye shall bring down my gray hairs with sorrow to the grave. And if ye take this one also from me, and harm befall him, ye will bring down my gray hairs with sorrow to Sheol.If you take this also, and any thing befall him in the way you will bring down my gray hairs with sorrow unto hell. And if ye take this one also from me, and mischief should befall him, ye will bring down my grey hairs with misery to Sheol. And if ye take this one also from me, and mischief befall him, ye shall bring down my gray hairs with sorrow to the grave. And if ye take this also from me, and mischief shall befall him, ye will bring down my gray hairs with sorrow to the grave.If you take this one also from me, and harm happens to him, you will bring down my gray hairs with sorrow to Sheol.' when ye have taken also this from my presence, and mischief hath met him, then ye have brought down my grey hairs with evil to sheol. And if you take this also from me, and mischief befall him, you shall bring down my gray hairs with sorrow to the grave.
Genesis 44:30 Now therefore when I come to thy servant my father, and the lad be not with us; seeing that his life is bound up in the lad's life; Now therefore when I come to thy servant my father, and the lad is not with us; seeing that his life is bound up in the lad's life; 30Therefore if I shall go to thy servant our father, and the boy be wanting, (whereas his life dependeth upon the life of him,)  And now, when I come to thy servant my father, and the lad is not with us, seeing that his life is bound up with his life, Now therefore when I come to thy servant my father, and the lad be not with us; seeing that his life is bound up in the lad's life; Now therefore, when I come to thy servant my father, and the lad is not with us; (seeing that his life is bound up in the lad's life) Now therefore when I come to your servant my father, and the boy is not with us; since his life is bound up in the boy's life; 'And now, at my coming in unto thy servant my father, and the youth not with us (and his soul is bound up in his soul), Now therefore when I come to your servant my father, and the lad be not with us; seeing that his life is bound up in the lad's life; 
Genesis 44:31 It shall come to pass, when he seeth that the lad is not with us, that he will die: and thy servants shall bring down the gray hairs of thy servant our father with sorrow to the grave.it will come to pass, when he seeth that the lad is not with us , that he will die: and thy servants will bring down the gray hairs of thy servant our father with sorrow to Sheol. And he shall see that he is not with us, he will die, and thy servants shall bring down his gray hairs with sorrow unto hell. it will come to pass when he sees that the lad is not there, that he will die; and thy servants will bring down the grey hairs of thy servant our father with sorrow to Sheol.it shall come to pass, when he seeth that the lad is not with us, that he will die: and thy servants shall bring down the gray hairs of thy servant our father with sorrow to the grave.It shall come to pass, when he seeth that the lad is not with us, that he will die: and thy servants will bring down the gray hairs of thy servant our father, with sorrow to the grave.it will happen, when he sees that the boy is no more, that he will die. Your servants will bring down the gray hairs of your servant, our father, with sorrow to Sheol. Then it hath come to pass when he seeth that the youth is not, that he hath died, and thy servants have brought down the grey hairs of thy servant our father with sorrow to sheol; It shall come to pass, when he sees that the lad is not with us, that he will die: and your servants shall bring down the gray hairs of your servant our father with sorrow to the grave.
Genesis 44:32 For thy servant became surety for the lad unto my father, saying, If I bring him not unto thee, then I shall bear the blame to my father for ever.For thy servant became surety for the lad unto my father, saying, If I bring him not unto thee, then shall I bear the blame to my father for ever.Let me be tht proper servant, who took him into my trust, and promised, saying: If I bring him not again, I will be guilty of sin against my father for ever. For thy servant became surety for the lad to my father, saying, If I bring him not to thee, then I shall be guilty toward my father all my days.For thy servant became surety for the lad unto my father, saying, If I bring him not unto thee, then shall I bear the blame to my father for ever.For thy servant became surety for the lad to my father, saying, If I bring him not to thee, then I will bear the blame to my father for ever.For your servant became collateral for the boy to my father, saying, 'If I don't bring him to you, then I will bear the blame to my father forever.' for thy servant obtained the youth by surety from my father, saying, If I bring him not in unto thee &#8212; then I have sinned against my father all the days.For your servant became surety for the lad to my father, saying, If I bring him not to you, then I shall bear the blame to my father for ever.
Genesis 44:33 Now therefore, I pray thee, let thy servant abide instead of the lad a bondman to my lord; and let the lad go up with his brethren.Now therefore, let thy servant, I pray thee, abide instead of the lad a bondman to my lord; and let the lad go up with his brethren. Therefore I thy servant will stay instead of the boy in the service of my lord, and let the boy go up with his brethren. And now, let thy servant stay, I pray thee, instead of the lad a bondman to my lord, and let the lad go up with his brethren; Now therefore, let thy servant, I pray thee, abide instead of the lad a bondman to my lord; and let the lad go up with his brethren.Now therefore, I pray thee, let thy servant abide instead of the lad, a bond-man to my lord; and let the lad return with his brethren.Now therefore, please let your servant stay instead of the boy, a bondservant to my lord; and let the boy go up with his brothers.'And now, let thy servant, I pray thee, abide instead of the youth a servant to my lord, and the youth goeth up with his brethren, Now therefore, I pray you, let your servant abide instead of the lad a slave to my lord; and let the lad go up with his brothers.
Genesis 44:34 For how shall I go up to my father, and the lad be not with me? lest peradventure I see the evil that shall come on my father.For how shall I go up to my father, if the lad be not with me? lest I see the evil that shall come on my father.For I cannot return to my father without the boy, lest I be a witness of the calamity that will oppress my father. for how should I go up to my father if the lad were not with me? lest I see the evil that would come on my father.For how shall I go up to my father, and the lad be not with me? lest I see the evil that shall come on my father.For how shall I return to my father, and the lad be not with me? lest perhaps I see the evil that shall come on my father.For how will I go up to my father, if the boy isn't with me?&#8212;lest I see the evil that will come on my father." for how do I go up unto my father, and the youth not with me? lest I look on the evil which doth find my father.' For how shall I go up to my father, and the lad be not with me? lest peradventure I see the evil that shall come on my father.
Genesis 45:1 Then Joseph could not refrain himself before all them that stood by him; and he cried, Cause every man to go out from me. And there stood no man with him, while Joseph made himself known unto his brethren. Then Joseph could not refrain himself before all them that stood before him; and he cried, Cause every man to go out from me. And there stood no man with him, while Joseph made himself known unto his brethren.Joseph could no longer refrain himself before many that stood by: whereupon he commanded that all should go out, and no stranger be present at their knowing one another. And Joseph could not control himself before all them that stood by him, and he cried, Put every man out from me! And no man stood with him when Joseph made himself known to his brethren. Then Joseph could not refrain himself before all them that stood by him; and he cried, Cause every man to go out from me. And there stood no man with him, while Joseph made himself known unto his brethren. Then Joseph could not refrain himself before all them that stood by him; and he cried, Cause every man to go out from me: and there stood no man with him, while Joseph made himself known to his brethren. Then Joseph couldn't control himself before all those who stood before him, and he cried, "Cause everyone to go out from me!" No one else stood with him, while Joseph made himself known to his brothers. And Joseph hath not been able to refrain himself before all those standing by him, and he calleth, 'Put out every man from me;' and no man hath stood with him when Joseph maketh himself known unto his brethren, Then Joseph could not refrain himself before all them that stood by him; and he cried, Cause every man to go out from me. And there stood no man with him, while Joseph made himself known to his brothers.
Genesis 45:2 And he wept aloud: and the Egyptians and the house of Pharaoh heard. And he wept aloud: and the Egyptians heard, and the house of Pharaoh heard. And he lifted up his voice with weeping, which the Egyptians and all the house of Pharao heard. \  And he raised his voice in weeping; and the Egyptians heard, and the house of Pharaoh heard. And he wept aloud: and the Egyptians heard, and the house of Pharaoh heard. And he wept aloud; and the Egyptians and the house of Pharaoh heard.He wept aloud. The Egyptians heard, and the house of Pharaoh heard. And he giveth forth his voice in weeping, and the Egyptians hear, and the house of Pharaoh heareth. And he wept aloud: and the Egyptians and the house of Pharaoh heard.
Genesis 45:3 And Joseph said unto his brethren, I am Joseph; doth my father yet live? And his brethren could not answer him; for they were troubled at his presence. And Joseph said unto his brethren, I am Joseph; doth my father yet live? And his brethren could not answer him; for they were troubled at his presence. And he said to his brethren: I am Joseph: is my father yet living? His brethren could no answer him, being struck with exceeding great fear. And Joseph said to his brethren, I am Joseph. Does my father yet live? And his brethren could not answer him, for they were troubled at his presence. And Joseph said unto his brethren, I am Joseph; doth my father yet live? And his brethren could not answer him; for they were troubled at his presence. And Joseph said to his brethren, I am Joseph; doth my father yet live? And his brethren could not answer him; for they were troubled at his presence.Joseph said to his brothers, "I am Joseph! Does my father still live?" His brothers couldn't answer him; for they were terrified at his presence. And Joseph saith unto his brethren, 'I am Joseph, is my father yet alive?' and his brethren have not been able to answer him, for they have been troubled at his presence. And Joseph said to his brothers, I am Joseph; does my father yet live? And his brothers could not answer him; for they were troubled at his presence.
Genesis 45:4 And Joseph said unto his brethren, Come near to me, I pray you. And they came near. And he said, I am Joseph your brother, whom ye sold into Egypt. And Joseph said unto his brethren, Come near to me, I pray you. And they came near. And he said, I am Joseph your brother, whom ye sold into Egypt. And he said mildly to them: Come nearer to me. And when they were come near him, he said: I am Joseph, your brother, whom you sold into Egypt. And Joseph said to his brethren, Come near to me, I pray you. And they came near. And he said, I am Joseph your brother, whom ye sold into Egypt. And Joseph said unto his brethren, Come near to me, I pray you. And they came near. And he said, I am Joseph your brother, whom ye sold into Egypt. And Joseph said to his brethren, Come near to me, I pray you: and they came near. And he said, I am Joseph your brother, whom ye sold into Egypt.Joseph said to his brothers, "Come near to me, please." They came near. "He said, I am Joseph, your brother, whom you sold into Egypt. And Joseph saith unto his brethren, 'Come nigh unto me, I pray you,' and they come nigh; and he saith, 'I am Joseph, your brother, whom ye sold into Egypt; And Joseph said to his brothers, Come near to me, I pray you. And they came near. And he said, I am Joseph your brother, whom you sold into Egypt.
Genesis 45:5 Now therefore be not grieved, nor angry with yourselves, that ye sold me hither: for God did send me before you to preserve life. And now be not grieved, nor angry with yourselves, that ye sold me hither: for God did send me before you to preserve life.Be not afraid, and let it not seem to you a hard case that you sold me into these countries: for God sent me before you into Egypt for your preservation. And now, be not grieved, and be not angry with yourselves, that ye sold me hither, for God sent me before you to preserve life. And now be not grieved, nor angry with yourselves, that ye sold me hither: for God did send me before you to preserve life.Now therefore be not grieved, nor angry with yourselves, that ye sold me hither; for God sent me before you to preserve life.Now don't be grieved, nor angry with yourselves, that you sold me here, for God sent me before you to preserve life. And now, be not grieved, nor let it be displeasing in your eyes that ye sold me hither, for to preserve life hath God sent me before you.Now therefore be not grieved, nor angry with yourselves, that you sold me here: for God did send me before you to preserve life.
Genesis 45:6 For these two years hath the famine been in the land: and yet there are five years, in the which there shall neither be earing nor harvest.For these two years hath the famine been in the land: and there are yet five years, in which there shall be neither plowing nor harvest.For it is two years since the famine began to be upon the land, and five years more remain, wherein there can be neither ploughing nor reaping. For the famine has been these two years in the land; and yet there are five years in which there will be neither ploughing nor harvest.For these two years hath the famine been in the land: and there are yet five years, in the which there shall be neither plowing nor harvest.For these two years hath the famine been in the land: and yet there are five years, in which there shall neither be tillage nor harvest.For these two years the famine has been in the land, and there are yet five years, in which there will be neither plowing nor harvest.Because these two years the famine is in the heart of the land, and yet are five years, in which there is neither ploughing nor harvest; For these two years has the famine been in the land: and yet there are five years, in the which there shall neither be ripening nor harvest.
Genesis 45:7 And God sent me before you to preserve you a posterity in the earth, and to save your lives by a great deliverance. And God sent me before you to preserve you a remnant in the earth, and to save you alive by a great deliverance. And God sent me before, that you may be preserved upon the earth, and may have food to live. So God sent me before you to preserve you a remnant in the earth, and to save you alive by a great deliverance. And God sent me before you to preserve you a remnant in the earth, and to save you alive by a great deliverance. And God sent me before you, to preserve for you a posterity in the earth, and to save your lives by a great deliverance.God sent me before you to preserve for you a remnant in the earth, and to save you alive by a great deliverance. And God sendeth me before you, to place of you a remnant in the land, and to give life to you by a great escape; And God sent me before you to preserve you a posterity in the earth, and to save your lives by a great deliverance.
Genesis 45:8 So now it was not you that sent me hither, but God: and he hath made me a father to Pharaoh, and lord of all his house, and a ruler throughout all the land of Egypt. So now it was not you that sent me hither, but God: and he hath made me a father to Pharaoh, and lord of all his house, and ruler over all the land of Egypt.Not by your counsel was I sent hither, but by the will of God: who hath made me as it were a father to Pharao, and lord of his whold house, and governor in all the land of Egypt. And now it was not you that sent me here, but God; and he has made me a father to Pharaoh, and lord of all his house, and governor over all the land of Egypt. So now it was not you that sent me hither, but God: and he hath made me a father to Pharaoh, and lord of all his house, and ruler over all the land of Egypt. So now it was not you that sent me hither, but God: and he hath made me a father to Pharaoh, and lord of all his house, and a ruler throughout all the land of Egypt. So now it wasn't you who sent me here, but God, and he has made me a father to Pharaoh, lord of all his house, and ruler over all the land of Egypt. And now, ye &#8212; ye have not sent me hither, but God, and He doth set me for a father to Pharaoh, and for lord to all his house, and ruler over all the land of Egypt. So now it was not you that sent me here, but God: and he has made me a father to Pharaoh, and lord of all his house, and a ruler throughout all the land of Egypt.
Genesis 45:9 Haste ye, and go up to my father, and say unto him, Thus saith thy son Joseph, God hath made me lord of all Egypt: come down unto me, tarry not: Haste ye, and go up to my father, and say unto him, Thus saith thy son Joseph, God hath made me lord of all Egypt: come down unto me, tarry not; Make haste, and go ye up to my father, and say to him: Thus saith thy son Joseph: God hath made me lord of the whole land of Egypt: come down to me, linger not. Haste and go up to my father, and say to him, Thus says thy son Joseph: God has made me lord of all Egypt; come down to me, tarry not.Haste ye, and go up to my father, and say unto him, Thus saith thy son Joseph, God hath made me lord of all Egypt: come down unto me, tarry not: Haste ye, and return to my father, and say to him, Thus saith thy son Joseph, God hath made me lord of all Egypt; come down to me; delay not: Hurry, and go up to my father, and tell him, 'This is what your son Joseph says, "God has made me lord of all Egypt. Come down to me. Don't wait.'Haste, and go up unto my father, then ye have said to him, Thus said Joseph thy son, God hath set me for lord to all Egypt; come down unto me, stay not, Haste you, and go up to my father, and say to him, Thus said your son Joseph, God has made me lord of all Egypt: come down to me, tarry not: 
Genesis 45:10 And thou shalt dwell in the land of Goshen, and thou shalt be near unto me, thou, and thy children, and thy children's children, and thy flocks, and thy herds, and all that thou hast: and thou shalt dwell in the land of Goshen, and thou shalt be near unto me, thou, and thy children, and thy children's children, and thy flocks, and thy herds, and all that thou hast: And thou shalt dwell in the land of Gessen: and thou shalt be near me, thou and thy sons, and thy son's sons, thy sheep, and thy gerds, and all things that thou hast. And thou shalt dwell in the land of Goshen, and thou shalt be near to me, thou, and thy sons, and thy sons' sons, and thy sheep, and thy cattle, and all that thou hast. And thou shalt dwell in the land of Goshen, and thou shalt be near unto me, thou, and thy children, and thy children's children, and thy flocks, and thy herds, and all that thou hast: And thou shalt dwell in the land of Goshen, and thou shalt be near to me, thou, and thy children, and thy children's children, and thy flocks, and thy herds, and all that thou hast: You shall dwell in the land of Goshen, and you will be near to me, you, your children, your children's children, your flocks, your herds, and all that you have. And thou hast dwelt in the land of Goshen, and been near unto me, thou and thy sons, and thy son's sons, and thy flock, and thy herd, and all that thou hast, And you shall dwell in the land of Goshen, and you shall be near to me, you, and your children, and your children's children, and your flocks, and your herds, and all that you have: 
Genesis 45:11 And there will I nourish thee; for yet there are five years of famine; lest thou, and thy household, and all that thou hast, come to poverty. And there will I nourish thee; for there are yet five years of famine; lest thou come to poverty, thou, and thy household, and all that thou hast. And there I will feed thee, (for there are yet five years of famine remaining,) lest both thou perish, and thy house, and all things that thou hast. And there will I maintain thee; for yet there are five years of famine; in order that thou be not impoverished, thou, and thy household, and all that thou hast. And there will I nourish thee; for there are yet five years of famine; lest thou come to poverty, thou, and thy household, and all that thou hast. And there will I nourish thee, (for yet there are five years of famine,) lest thou, and thy household, and all that thou hast, should come to poverty. There I will nourish you; for there are yet five years of famine; lest you come to poverty, you, and your household, and all that you have."' and I have nourished thee there &#8212; for yet are five years of famine &#8212; lest thou become poor, thou and thy household, and all that thou hast. And there will I nourish you; for yet there are five years of famine; lest you, and your household, and all that you have, come to poverty.
Genesis 45:12 And, behold, your eyes see, and the eyes of my brother Benjamin, that it is my mouth that speaketh unto you. And, behold, your eyes see, and the eyes of my brother Benjamin, that it is my mouth that speaketh unto you.Behold, your eyes, and the eyes of my brother Benjamin see that it is my mouth that speaketh to you. And behold, your eyes see, and the eyes of my brother Benjamin, that it is my mouth which speaks to you. And, behold, your eyes see, and the eyes of my brother Benjamin, that it is my mouth that speaketh unto you. And behold, your eyes see, and the eyes of my brother Benjamin, that it is my mouth that speaketh to you.Behold, your eyes see, and the eyes of my brother Benjamin, that it is my mouth that speaks to you. And lo, your eyes are seeing, and the eyes of my brother Benjamin, that it is my mouth which is speaking unto you; And, behold, your eyes see, and the eyes of my brother Benjamin, that it is my mouth that speaks to you.
Genesis 45:13 And ye shall tell my father of all my glory in Egypt, and of all that ye have seen; and ye shall haste and bring down my father hither. And ye shall tell my father of all my glory in Egypt, and of all that ye have seen: and ye shall haste and bring down my father hither.You shall tell my father of all my glory, and all things that you have seen in Egypt: make haste and bring him to me. And tell my father of all my glory in Egypt, and of all that ye have seen, and haste and bring down my father hither. And ye shall tell my father of all my glory in Egypt, and of all that ye have seen; and ye shall haste and bring down my father hither. And ye shall tell my father of all my glory in Egypt, and of all that ye have seen: and ye shall haste, and bring down my father hither.You shall tell my father of all my glory in Egypt, and of all that you have seen. You shall hurry and bring my father down here." and ye have declared to my father all my honour in Egypt, and all that ye have seen, and ye have hasted, and have brought down my father hither.' And you shall tell my father of all my glory in Egypt, and of all that you have seen; and you shall haste and bring down my father here.
Genesis 45:14 And he fell upon his brother Benjamin's neck, and wept; and Benjamin wept upon his neck. And he fell upon his brother Benjamin's neck, and wept; and Benjamin wept upon his neck. And falling upon the neck of his brother Benjamin, he embraced him and wept: and Benjamin in like manner wept also on his neck. And he fell on his brother Benjamin's neck, and wept; and Benjamin wept on his neck. And he fell upon his brother Benjamin's neck, and wept; and Benjamin wept upon his neck. And he fell upon his brother Benjamin's neck, and wept; and Benjamin wept upon his neck.He fell on his brother Benjamin's neck, and wept, and Benjamin wept on his neck. And he falleth on the neck of Benjamin his brother, and weepeth, and Benjamin hath wept on his neck; And he fell on his brother Benjamin's neck, and wept; and Benjamin wept on his neck.
Genesis 45:15 Moreover he kissed all his brethren, and wept upon them: and after that his brethren talked with him. And he kissed all his brethren, and wept upon them: and after that his brethren talked with him. And Joseph kissed all his brethren, and wept upon every one of them: after which they were emboldened to speak to him. And he kissed all his brethren, and wept upon them; and after that his brethren talked with him. And he kissed all his brethren, and wept upon them: and after that his brethren talked with him.Moreover, he kissed all his brethren, and wept upon them: and after that his brethren talked with him.He kissed all his brothers, and wept on them. After that his brothers talked with him. And he kisseth all his brethren, and weepeth over them; and afterwards have his brethren spoken with him.Moreover he kissed all his brothers, and wept on them: and after that his brothers talked with him.
Genesis 45:16 And the fame thereof was heard in Pharaoh's house, saying, Joseph's brethren are come: and it pleased Pharaoh well, and his servants. And the report thereof was heard in Pharaoh's house, saying, Joseph's brethren are come: and it pleased Pharaoh well, and his servants. And it was heard, and the fame was abroad in the king's court: The brethren of Joseph are come: and Pharao with all his family was glad. And the report was heard in Pharaoh's house, saying, Joseph's brethren are come. And it was good in the eyes of Pharaoh, and in the eyes of his bondmen. And the fame thereof was heard in Pharaoh's house, saying, Joseph's brethren are come: and it pleased Pharaoh well, and his servants. And the fame of this was heard in Pharaoh's house, saying, Joseph's brethren are come: and it pleased Pharaoh well, and his servants. The report of it was heard in Pharaoh's house, saying, "Joseph's brothers have come." It pleased Pharaoh well, and his servants. And the sound hath been heard in the house of Pharaoh, saying, 'Come have the brethren of Joseph;' and it is good in the eyes of Pharaoh, and in the eyes of his servants, And the fame thereof was heard in Pharaoh's house, saying, Joseph's brothers are come: and it pleased Pharaoh well, and his servants.
Genesis 45:17 And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, Say unto thy brethren, This do ye; lade your beasts, and go, get you unto the land of Canaan; And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, Say unto thy brethren, This do ye: lade your beasts, and go, get you unto the land of Canaan; And he spoke to Joseph that he should give orders to his brethren, saying : Load your beasts, and go into the land of Chanaan. And Pharaoh said to Joseph, Say to thy brethren, Do this: load your beasts and depart, go into the land of Canaan, And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, Say unto thy brethren, This do ye; lade your beasts, and go, get you unto the land of Canaan; And Pharaoh said to Joseph, Say to thy brethren, This do ye; load your beasts, and go, return to the land of Canaan; Pharaoh said to Joseph, "Tell your brothers, 'Do this. Load your animals, and go, travel to the land of Canaan. And Pharaoh saith unto Joseph, 'Say unto thy brethren, This do ye: lade your beasts, and go, enter ye the land of Canaan, And Pharaoh said to Joseph, Say to your brothers, This do you; lade your beasts, and go, get you to the land of Canaan; 
Genesis 45:18 And take your father and your households, and come unto me: and I will give you the good of the land of Egypt, and ye shall eat the fat of the land. And take your father and your households, and come unto me: and I will give you the good of the land of Egypt, and ye shall eat the fat of the land. And bring away from thence your father and kindred, and come to me: and I will give you all the good things of Egypt, that you may eat the marrow of the land. and take your father and your households, and come to me; and I will give you the good of the land of Egypt, and ye shall eat the fat of the land. And take your father and your households, and come unto me: and I will give you the good of the land of Egypt, and ye shall eat the fat of the land. And take your father, and your households, and come to me: and I will give you the good of the land of Egypt, and ye shall eat the fat of the land. Take your father and your households, and come to me, and I will give you the good of the land of Egypt, and you will eat the fat of the land.' and take your father, and your households, and come unto me, and I give to you the good of the land of Egypt, and eat ye the fat of the land. And take your father and your households, and come to me: and I will give you the good of the land of Egypt, and you shall eat the fat of the land.
Genesis 45:19 Now thou art commanded, this do ye; take you wagons out of the land of Egypt for your little ones, and for your wives, and bring your father, and come.Now thou art commanded, this do ye: take you wagons out of the land of Egypt for your little ones, and for your wives, and bring your father, and come.Give orders also that they take wagons out of the land of Egypt, for/ the carriage of their children and their wives: and say: Take up your father, and make haste to come with all speed:  And thou art commanded this do: take waggons out of the land of Egypt for your little ones and for your wives, and take up your father, and come.Now thou art commanded, this do ye; take you wagons out of the land of Egypt for your little ones, and for your wives, and bring your father, and come.Now thou art commanded, this do ye; take for yourselves wagons from the land of Egypt for your little ones, and for your wives, and bring your father, and come.Now you are commanded: do this. Take wagons out of the land of Egypt for your little ones, and for your wives, and bring your father, and come.Yea, thou &#8212; thou hast been commanded: this do ye, take for yourselves out of the land of Egypt, waggons for your infants, and for your wives, and ye have brought your father, and come; Now you are commanded, this do you; take you wagons out of the land of Egypt for your little ones, and for your wives, and bring your father, and come.
Genesis 45:20 Also regard not your stuff; for the good of all the land of Egypt is yours. Also regard not your stuff; for the good of all the land of Egypt is yours. And leave nothing of your house- hold stuff: for all the riches of Egypt shall be yours. And let not your eye regret your stuff; for the good of all the land of Egypt shall be yours. Also regard not your stuff; for the good of all the land of Egypt is yours. Also regard not your furniture; for the good of all the land of Egypt is yours. Also, don't concern yourselves about your belongings, for the good of all of the land of Egypt is yours." and your eye hath no pity on your vessels, for the good of all the land of Egypt is yours.' Also regard not your stuff; for the good of all the land of Egypt is yours.
Genesis 45:21 And the children of Israel did so: and Joseph gave them wagons, according to the commandment of Pharaoh, and gave them provision for the way. And the sons of Israel did so: and Joseph gave them wagons, according to the commandment of Pharaoh, and gave them provision for the way. And the sons of Israel did as they were bid. And Joseph gave them wagons according to Pharao's commandment: and provisions for the way. And the sons of Israel did so; and Joseph gave them waggons, according to the commandment of Pharaoh, and gave them provision for the way. And the sons of Israel did so: and Joseph gave them wagons, according to the commandment of Pharaoh, and gave them provision for the way. And the children of Israel did so: and Joseph gave them wagons, according to the commandment of Pharaoh, and gave them provision for the way. The sons of Israel did so. Joseph gave them wagons, according to the commandment of Pharaoh, and gave them provision for the way. And the sons of Israel do so, and Joseph giveth waggons to them by the command of Pharaoh, and he giveth to them provision for the way; And the children of Israel did so: and Joseph gave them wagons, according to the commandment of Pharaoh, and gave them provision for the way.
Genesis 45:22 To all of them he gave each man changes of raiment; but to Benjamin he gave three hundred pieces of silver, and five changes of raiment. To all of them he gave each man changes of raiment; but to Benjamin he gave three hundred pieces of silver, and five changes of raiment.He ordered also to be brought out for every one of them two robes: but to Benjamin he gave three hundred pieces of silver with Ave robes of the best:  To each one of them all he gave changes of clothing; but to Benjamin he gave three hundred pieces of silver and five changes of clothing. To all of them he gave each man changes of raiment; but to Benjamin he gave three hundred pieces of silver, and five changes of raiment. To all of them he gave each man changes of raiment: but to Benjamin he gave three hundred pieces of silver, and five changes of raiment.He gave each one of them changes of clothing, but to Benjamin he gave three hundred pieces of silver and five changes of clothing. To all of them hath he given &#8212; to each changes of garments, and to Benjamin he hath given three hundred silverlings, and five changes of garments; To all of them he gave each man changes of raiment; but to Benjamin he gave three hundred pieces of silver, and five changes of raiment.
Genesis 45:23 And to his father he sent after this manner; ten asses laden with the good things of Egypt, and ten she asses laden with corn and bread and meat for his father by the way. And to his father he sent after this manner: ten asses laden with the good things of Egypt, and ten she-asses laden with grain and bread and provision for his father by the way. Sending to his father as much money and raiment, adding besides ten he asses to carry off all the riches of Egypt, and as many she asses, carrying wheat and bread for the journey. And to his father he sent this: ten asses laden with the good things of Egypt, and ten she-asses laden with corn and bread, and food for his father by the way. And to his father he sent after this manner; ten asses laden with the good things of Egypt, and ten she-asses laden with corn and bread and victual for his father by the way. And to his father he sent after this manner; ten asses laden with the good things of Egypt, and ten she-asses laden with corn and bread and meat, for his father by the way.He sent the following to his father: ten donkeys loaded with the good things of Egypt, and ten female donkeys loaded with grain and bread and provision for his father by the way. And to his father he hath sent thus: ten asses bearing of the good things of Egypt, and ten she-asses bearing corn and bread, even food for his father for the way. And to his father he sent after this manner; ten asses laden with the good things of Egypt, and ten she asses laden with corn and bread and meat for his father by the way.
Genesis 45:24 So he sent his brethren away, and they departed: and he said unto them, See that ye fall not out by the way. So he sent his brethren away, and they departed: and he said unto them, See that ye fall not out by the way. So he sent away his brethren, and at their departing said to them: Be not angry in the way. And he sent his brethren away, and they departed. And he said to them, Do not quarrel on the way. So he sent his brethren away, and they departed: and he said unto them, See that ye fall not out by the way. So he sent his brethren away, and they departed: and he said to them, See that ye contend not by the way. So he sent his brothers away, and they departed. He said to them, "See that you don't quarrel on the way." And he sendeth his brethren away, and they go; and he saith unto them, 'Be not angry in the way.' So he sent his brothers away, and they departed: and he said to them, See that you fall not out by the way.
Genesis 45:25 And they went up out of Egypt, and came into the land of Canaan unto Jacob their father, And they went up out of Egypt, and came into the land of Canaan unto Jacob their father. And they went up out of Egypt, and came into the land of Chanaan to their father Jacob. And they went up out of Egypt, and came into the land of Canaan to Jacob their father. And they went up out of Egypt, and came into the land of Canaan unto Jacob their father. And they went up from Egypt, and came into the land of Canaan, to Jacob their father, They went up out of Egypt, and came into the land of Canaan, to Jacob their father. And they go up out of Egypt, and come in to the land of Canaan, unto Jacob their father, And they went up out of Egypt, and came into the land of Canaan to Jacob their father, 
Genesis 45:26 And told him, saying, Joseph is yet alive, and he is governor over all the land of Egypt. And Jacob's heart fainted, for he believed them not. And they told him, saying, Joseph is yet alive, and he is ruler over all the land of Egypt. And his heart fainted, for he believed them not. And they told him, saying: Joseph thy son is living: and he is ruler in all the land of Egypt. Which when Jacob heard, he awaked as it were out of a deep sleep, yet did not believe them. And they told him, saying, Joseph is still alive, and he is governor over all the land of Egypt. And his heart fainted, for he did not believe them. And they told him, saying, Joseph is yet alive, and he is ruler over all the land of Egypt. And his heart fainted, for he believed them not. And told him, saying, Joseph is yet alive, and he is governor over all the land of Egypt. And Jacob's heart fainted, for he believed them not. They told him, saying, "Joseph is still alive, and he is ruler over all the land of Egypt." His heart fainted, for he didn't believe them. And they declare to him, saying, 'Joseph is yet alive,' and that he is ruler over all the land of Egypt; and his heart ceaseth, for he hath not given credence to them. And told him, saying, Joseph is yet alive, and he is governor over all the land of Egypt. And Jacob's heart fainted, for he believed them not.
Genesis 45:27 And they told him all the words of Joseph, which he had said unto them: and when he saw the wagons which Joseph had sent to carry him, the spirit of Jacob their father revived: And they told him all the words of Joseph, which he had said unto them: and when he saw the wagons which Joseph had sent to carry him, the spirit of Jacob their father revived: They, on the other side, told the whole order of the thing. And when he saw the wagons and all that he had sent his spirit revived,  And they spoke to him all the words of Joseph, which he had spoken to them. And he saw the waggons that Joseph had sent to carry him. And the spirit of Jacob their father revived. And they told him all the words of Joseph, which he had said unto them: and when he saw the wagons which Joseph had sent to carry him, the spirit of Jacob their father revived: And they told him all the words of Joseph, which he had said to them: and when he saw the wagons which Joseph had sent to carry him, the spirit of Jacob their father revived: They told him all the words of Joseph, which he had said to them. When he saw the wagons which Joseph had sent to carry him, the spirit of Jacob, their father, revived. And they speak unto him all the words of Joseph, which he hath spoken unto them, and he seeth the waggons which Joseph hath sent to bear him away, and live doth the spirit of Jacob their father; And they told him all the words of Joseph, which he had said to them: and when he saw the wagons which Joseph had sent to carry him, the spirit of Jacob their father revived: 
Genesis 45:28 And Israel said, It is enough; Joseph my son is yet alive: I will go and see him before I die. And Israel said, It is enough; Joseph my son is yet alive: I will go and see him before I die. And he said: It is enough for me, if Joseph my son be yet living: Iwill go and see him before I die. And Israel said, It is enough: Joseph my son is yet alive; I will go and see him before I die. And Israel said, It is enough; Joseph my son is yet alive: I will go and see him before I die. And Israel said, It is enough; Joseph my son is yet alive: I will go and see him before I die.Israel said, "It is enough. Joseph my son is still alive. I will go and see him before I die." and Israel saith, 'Enough! Joseph my son is yet alive; I go and see him before I die.' And Israel said, It is enough; Joseph my son is yet alive: I will go and see him before I die.
Genesis 46:1 And Israel took his journey with all that he had, and came to Beersheba, and offered sacrifices unto the God of his father Isaac. And Israel took his journey with all that he had, and came to Beer-sheba, and offered sacrifices unto the God of his father Isaac. And Israel taking his journey, with all that he had, came to the well of the oath, and killing victims there to the God of his father Isaac,  And Israel took his journey with all that he had, and came to Beer-sheba; and he offered sacrifices to the God of his father Isaac. And Israel took his journey with all that he had, and came to Beer-sheba, and offered sacrifices unto the God of his father Isaac. And Israel took his journey with all that he had, and came to Beer-sheba, and offered sacrifices to the God of his father Isaac.Israel traveled with all that he had, and came to Beersheba, and offered sacrifices to the God of his father, Isaac. And Israel journeyeth, and all that he hath, and cometh in to Beer-Sheba, and sacrificeth sacrifices to the God of his father Isaac; And Israel took his journey with all that he had, and came to Beersheba, and offered sacrifices to the God of his father Isaac.
Genesis 46:2 And God spake unto Israel in the visions of the night, and said, Jacob, Jacob. And he said, Here am I. And God spake unto Israel in the visions of the night, and said, Jacob, Jacob. And he said, Here am I.He heard him by a vision in the night calling him, and saying to him: Jacob, Jacob. And he answered him: Lo, here I am. And God spoke to Israel in the visions of the night and said, Jacob, Jacob! And he said, Here am I. And God spake unto Israel in the visions of the night, and said, Jacob, Jacob. And he said, Here am I. And God spoke to Israel in the visions of the night, and said, Jacob, Jacob: and he said, Here am I.God spoke to Israel in the visions of the night, and said, "Jacob, Jacob!" He said, "Here I am." and God speaketh to Israel in visions of the night, and saith, 'Jacob, Jacob;' and he saith, 'Here am I.' And God spoke to Israel in the visions of the night, and said, Jacob, Jacob. And he said, Here am I.
Genesis 46:3 And he said, I am God, the God of thy father: fear not to go down into Egypt; for I will there make of thee a great nation: And he said, I am God, the God of thy father: fear not to go down into Egypt; for I will there make of thee a great nation: God said to him: I am the most mighty God of thy father: fear not, go down into Egypt, for I will make a great nation of thee there. And he said, I am God, the God of thy father: fear not to go down to Egypt; for I will there make of thee a great nation. And he said, I am God, the God of thy father: fear not to go down into Egypt; for I will there make of thee a great nation: And he said, I am God, the God of thy father: fear not to go down into Egypt; for I will there make of thee a great nation: He said, "I am God, the God of your father. Don't be afraid to go down into Egypt, for there I will make of you a great nation. And He saith, 'I am God, God of thy father, be not afraid of going down to Egypt, for for a great nation I set thee there; And he said, I am God, the God of your father: fear not to go down into Egypt; for I will there make of you a great nation: 
Genesis 46:4 I will go down with thee into Egypt; and I will also surely bring thee up again: and Joseph shall put his hand upon thine eyes.I will go down with thee into Egypt; and I will also surely bring thee up again: and Joseph shall put his hand upon thine eyes.I will go down with thee thither, and will bring thee back again from thence: Joseph also shall put his hands upon thy eyes. I will go down with thee to Egypt, and I will also certainly bring thee up; and Joseph shall put his hand on thine eyes.I will go down with thee into Egypt; and I will also surely bring thee up again: and Joseph shall put his hand upon thine eyes.I will go down with thee into Egypt; and I will also surely bring thee up again: and Joseph shall put his hand upon thine eyes.I will go down with you into Egypt. I will also surely bring you up again. Joseph will close your eyes." I &#8212; I go down with thee to Egypt, and I &#8212; I also certainly bring thee up, and Joseph doth put his hand on thine eyes.' I will go down with you into Egypt; and I will also surely bring you up again: and Joseph shall put his hand on your eyes.
Genesis 46:5 And Jacob rose up from Beersheba: and the sons of Israel carried Jacob their father, and their little ones, and their wives, in the wagons which Pharaoh had sent to carry him. And Jacob rose up from Beer-sheba: and the sons of Israel carried Jacob their father, and their little ones, and their wives, in the wagons which Pharaoh had sent to carry him. And Jacob rose up from the well of the oath: and his sons took him up, with their children and wives in the wagons, which Pharao had sent to carry the old man,  And Jacob rose up from Beer-sheba; and the sons of Israel carried Jacob their father, and their little ones, and their wives, on the waggons that Pharaoh had sent to carry him. And Jacob rose up from Beer-sheba: and the sons of Israel carried Jacob their father, and their little ones, and their wives, in the wagons which Pharaoh had sent to carry him. And Jacob rose up from Beer-sheba: and the sons of Israel carried Jacob their father, and their little ones, and their wives, in the wagons which Pharaoh had sent to carry him.Jacob rose up from Beersheba, and the sons of Israel carried Jacob, their father, their little ones, and their wives, in the wagons which Pharaoh had sent to carry him. And Jacob riseth from Beer-Sheba, and the sons of Israel bear away Jacob their father, And their infants, and their wives, in the waggons which Pharaoh hath sent to bear him, And Jacob rose up from Beersheba: and the sons of Israel carried Jacob their father, and their little ones, and their wives, in the wagons which Pharaoh had sent to carry him.
Genesis 46:6 And they took their cattle, and their goods, which they had gotten in the land of Canaan, and came into Egypt, Jacob, and all his seed with him: And they took their cattle, and their goods, which they had gotten in the land of Canaan, and came into Egypt, Jacob, and all his seed with him: And all that he had in the land of Chanaan, and he came into Egypt with all his seed:"  And they took their cattle, and their goods which they had acquired in the land of Canaan, and came to Egypt, Jacob and all his seed with him; And they took their cattle, and their goods, which they had gotten in the land of Canaan, and came into Egypt, Jacob, and all his seed with him: And they took their cattle, and their goods which they had acquired in the land of Canaan, and came into Egypt, Jacob, and all his seed with him: They took their livestock, and their goods, which they had gotten in the land of Canaan, and came into Egypt&#8212;Jacob, and all his seed with him, and they take their cattle, and their goods which they have acquired in the land of Canaan, and come into Egypt &#8212; Jacob, and all his seed with him, And they took their cattle, and their goods, which they had gotten in the land of Canaan, and came into Egypt, Jacob, and all his seed with him: 
Genesis 46:7 His sons, and his sons' sons with him, his daughters, and his sons' daughters, and all his seed brought he with him into Egypt.his sons, and his sons'sons with him, his daughters, and his sons's daughters, and all his seed brought he with him into Egypt.His sons, and grandsons, daughters, and all his offspring together. his sons and his sons' sons with him, his daughters and his sons' daughters and all his seed he brought with him to Egypt.his sons, and his sons' sons with him, his daughters, and his sons' daughters, and all his seed brought he with him into Egypt.His sons, and his sons' sons with him, his daughters, and his sons' daughters, and all his seed brought he with him into Egypt.his sons, and his sons' sons with him, his daughters, and his sons' daughters, and he brought all his seed with him into Egypt.his sons, and his sons' sons with him, his daughters, and his sons' daughters, yea, all his seed he brought with him into Egypt.His sons, and his sons' sons with him, his daughters, and his sons' daughters, and all his seed brought he with him into Egypt.
Genesis 46:8 And these are the names of the children of Israel, which came into Egypt, Jacob and his sons: Reuben, Jacob's firstborn. And these are the names of the children of Israel, who came into Egypt, Jacob and his sons: Reuben, Jacob's first-born. And these are the names of the children of Israel, that entered into Egypt, he and his children. His firstborn Ruben,  And these are the names of the sons of Israel who came into Egypt: Jacob and his sons. Jacob's firstborn, Reuben. And these are the names of the children of Israel, which came into Egypt, Jacob and his sons: Reuben, Jacob's firstborn. And these are the names of the children of Israel, who came into Egypt, Jacob and his sons: Reuben, Jacob's first-born. These are the names of the children of Israel, who came into Egypt, Jacob and his sons: Reuben, Jacob's firstborn. And these are the names of the sons of Israel who are coming into Egypt: Jacob and his sons, Jacob's first-born, Reuben. And these are the names of the children of Israel, which came into Egypt, Jacob and his sons: Reuben, Jacob's firstborn.
Genesis 46:9 And the sons of Reuben; Hanoch, and Phallu, and Hezron, and Carmi. And the sons of Reuben: Hanoch, and Pallu, and Hezron, and Carmi. The sons of Ruben: Henoch and Phallu, and Hesron and Charmi. And the sons of Reuben: Enoch, and Phallu, and Hezron, and Carmi. And the sons of Reuben; Hanoch, and Pallu, and Hezron, and Carmi. And the sons of Reuben; Hanoch, and Phallu, and Hezron, and Carmi. The sons of Reuben: Hanoch, Pallu, Hezron, and Carmi. And sons of Reuben: Hanoch, and Phallu, and Hezron, and Carmi. And the sons of Reuben; Hanoch, and Phallu, and Hezron, and Carmi.
Genesis 46:10 And the sons of Simeon; Jemuel, and Jamin, and Ohad, and Jachin, and Zohar, and Shaul the son of a Canaanitish woman. And the sons of Simeon: Jemuel, and Jamin, and Ohad, and Jachin, and Zohar, and Shaul the son of a Canaanitish woman. The sons of Simeon: Jamuel and Jamin and Ahod, and Jachin and Sohar, and Saul the son of a woman of Chanaan. And the sons of Simeon: Jemuel, And Jamin, And Ohad, And Jachin, And Zohar, And Saul the son of a Canaanitish woman. And the sons of Simeon; Jemuel, and Jamin, and Ohad, and Jachin, and Zohar, and Shaul the son of a Canaanitish woman. And the sons of Simeon; Jemuel, and Jamin, and Ohad, and Jachin, and Zohar, and Shaul the son of a Canaanitish woman. The sons of Simeon: Jemuel, Jamin, Ohad, Jachin, Zohar, and Shaul the son of a Canaanite woman. And sons of Simeon: Jemuel, and Jamin, and Ohad, and Jachin, and Zohar, and Shaul son of the Canaanitess. And the sons of Simeon; Jemuel, and Jamin, and Ohad, and Jachin, and Zohar, and Shaul the son of a Canaanitish woman.
Genesis 46:11 And the sons of Levi; Gershon, Kohath, and Merari. And the sons of Levi: Gershon, Kohath, and Merari. The sons of Levi: Gerson and Caath and Merari. And the sons of Levi: Gershon, Kohath, And Merari. And the sons of Levi; Gershon, Kohath, and Merari. And the sons of Levi; Gershon, Kohath, and Merari. The sons of Levi: Gershon, Kohath, and Merari. And sons of Levi: Gershon, Kohath, and Merari. And the sons of Levi; Gershon, Kohath, and Merari.
Genesis 46:12 And the sons of Judah; Er, and Onan, and Shelah, and Pharez, and Zerah: but Er and Onan died in the land of Canaan. And the sons of Pharez were Hezron and Hamul. And the sons of Judah: Er, and Onan, and Shelah, and Perez, and Zerah; but Er and Onan died in the land of Canaan. And the sons of Perez were Hezron and Hamul. The sons of Juda: Her and Onan and Sela and Phares and Zara. And Her and Onan died in the land of Chanaan. And sons were born to Phares: Hesron and Hamul. And the sons of Judah: Er, and Onan, and Shelah, and Pherez, and Zerah; but Er and Onan died in the land of Canaan. And the sons of Pherez were Hezron and Hamul. And the sons of Judah; Er, and Onan, and Shelah, and Perez, and Zerah: but Er and Onan died in the land of Canaan. And the sons of Perez were Hezron and Hamul. And the sons of Judah; Er, and Onan, and Shelah, and Pharez, and Zerah: but Er and Onan died in the land of Canaan. And the sons of Pharez were Hezron, and Hamul. The sons of Judah: Er, Onan, Shelah, Perez, and Zerah; but Er and Onan died in the land of Canaan. The sons of Perez were Hezron and Hamul. And sons of Judah: Er, and Onan, and Shelah, and Pharez, and Zarah, (and Er and Onan die in the land of Canaan.) And sons of Pharez are Hezron and Hamul. And the sons of Judah; Er, and Onan, and Shelah, and Pharez, and Zarah: but Er and Onan died in the land of Canaan. And the sons of Pharez were Hezron and Hamul.
Genesis 46:13 And the sons of Issachar; Tola, and Phuvah, and Job, and Shimron. And the sons of Issachar: Tola, and Puvah, and Iob, and Shimron. The sons of Issachar: Thola and Phua and Job and Semron. And the sons of Issachar: Tola, And Puah, And Job, And Shimron. And the sons of Issachar; Tola, and Puvah, and Iob, and Shimron. And the sons of Issachar; Tola, and Phuvah, and Job, and Shimron. The sons of Issachar: Tola, Puvah, Iob, and Shimron. And sons of Issachar: Tola, and Phuvah, and Job, and Shimron. And the sons of Issachar; Tola, and Phuvah, and Job, and Shimron.
Genesis 46:14 And the sons of Zebulun; Sered, and Elon, and Jahleel. And the sons of Zebulun: Sered, and Elon, and Jahleel. The sons of Zabulon: Sared and Elo and Jahelel. And the sons of Zebulun: Sered, And Elon, And Jahleel. And the sons of Zebulun; Sered, and Elon, and Jahleel. And the sons of Zebulun; Sered, and Elon, and Jahleel. The sons of Zebulun: Sered, Elon, and Jahleel. And sons of Zebulun: Sered, and Elon, and Jahleel. And the sons of Zebulun; Sered, and Elon, and Jahleel.
Genesis 46:15 These be the sons of Leah, which she bare unto Jacob in Padanaram, with his daughter Dinah: all the souls of his sons and his daughters were thirty and three. These are the sons of Leah, whom she bare unto Jacob in Paddan-aram, with his daughter Dinah: all the souls of his sons and his daughters were thirty and three. These are the sons of Lia, whom she bore in Mesopotamia of Syria, with Dins his daughter. All the souls of her sons and daughters, thirty-three. These are the sons of Leah, whom she bore to Jacob in Padan-Aram; and his daughter, Dinah. All the souls of his sons and his daughters were thirty-three. These are the sons of Leah, which she bare unto Jacob in Paddan-aram, with his daughter Dinah: all the souls of his sons and his daughters were thirty and three. These are the sons of Leah, which she bore to Jacob in Padan-aram, with his daughter Dinah: all the souls of his sons and his daughters were thirty and three. These are the sons of Leah, whom she bore to Jacob in Paddan Aram, with his daughter Dinah. All the souls of his sons and his daughters were thirty-three. These are sons of Leah whom she bare to Jacob in Padan-Aram, and Dinah his daughter; all the persons of his sons and his daughters are thirty and three. These be the sons of Leah, which she bore to Jacob in Padanaram, with his daughter Dinah: all the souls of his sons and his daughters were thirty and three.
Genesis 46:16 And the sons of Gad; Ziphion, and Haggi, Shuni, and Ezbon, Eri, and Arodi, and Areli. And the sons of Gad: Ziphion, and Haggi, Shuni, and Ezbon, Eri, and Arodi, and Areli. The sons of Cad: Sephian and Haggi and Suni and Esebon and Heri and Arodi and Areli. And the sons of Gad: Ziphion and Haggi, Shuni and Ezbon, Eri, and Arodi, and Areli. And the sons of Gad; Ziphion, and Haggi, Shuni, and Ezbon, Eri, and Arodi, and Areli. And the sons of Gad; Ziphion, and Haggai, Shuni, and Ezbon, Eri, and Arodi, and Areli. The sons of Gad: Ziphion, Haggi, Shuni, Ezbon, Eri, Arodi, and Areli. And sons of Gad: Ziphion, and Haggi, Shuni, and Ezbon, Eri, and Arodi, and Areli. And the sons of Gad; Ziphion, and Haggi, Shuni, and Ezbon, Eri, and Arodi, and Areli.
Genesis 46:17 And the sons of Asher; Jimnah, and Ishuah, and Isui, and Beriah, and Serah their sister: and the sons of Beriah; Heber, and Malchiel. And the sons of Asher: Imnah, and Ishvah, and Ishvi, and Beriah, and Serah their sister; and the sons of Beriah: Heber, and Malchiel. The sons of Beer: Jamne and Jesua and Jessuri and Beria, and Sara their sister. The sons of Beria: Heber and Melchiel. And the sons of Asher: Jimnah, and Jishvah, and Jishvi, and Beriah; and Serah their sister; and the sons of Beriah: Heber and Malchiel. And the sons of Asher; Imnah, and Ishvah, and Ishvi, and Beriah, and Serah their sister: and the sons of Beriah; Heber, and Malchiel. And the sons of Asher; Jimnah, and Ishuah, and Isui, and Beriah, and Serah their sister. And the sons of Beriah; Heber, and Malchiel. The sons of Asher: Imnah, Ishvah, Ishvi, Beriah, and Serah their sister. The sons of Beriah: Heber and Malchiel. And sons of Asher: Jimnah, and Ishuah, and Isui, and Beriah, and Serah their sister. And sons of Beriah: Heber and Malchiel. And the sons of Asher; Jimnah, and Ishuah, and Isui, and Beriah, and Serah their sister: and the sons of Beriah; Heber, and Malchiel.
Genesis 46:18 These are the sons of Zilpah, whom Laban gave to Leah his daughter, and these she bare unto Jacob, even sixteen souls. These are the sons of Zilpah, whom Laban gave to Leah his daughter; and these she bare unto Jacob, even sixteen souls. These are the sons of Zelpha, whom Laban gave to Lia his daughter. And these she bore to Jacob, sixteen souls. These are the sons of Zilpah, whom Laban gave to Leah his daughter; and she bore these to Jacob: sixteen souls. These are the sons of Zilpah, which Laban gave to Leah his daughter, and these she bare unto Jacob, even sixteen souls. These are the sons of Zilpah, whom Laban gave to Leah his daughter: and these she bore to Jacob, even sixteen souls. These are the sons of Zilpah, whom Laban gave to Leah, his daughter, and these she bore to Jacob, even sixteen souls. These are sons of Zilpah, whom Laban gave to Leah his daughter, and she beareth these to Jacob &#8212; sixteen persons. These are the sons of Zilpah, whom Laban gave to Leah his daughter, and these she bore to Jacob, even sixteen souls.
Genesis 46:19 The sons of Rachel Jacob's wife; Joseph, and Benjamin. The sons of Rachel Jacob's wife: Joseph and Benjamin. The sons of Rachel Jacob's wife: Joseph and Benjamin. The sons of Rachel Jacob's wife: Joseph and Benjamin. The sons of Rachel Jacob's wife; Joseph and Benjamin. The sons of Rachel Jacob's wife; Joseph, and Benjamin. The sons of Rachel, Jacob's wife: Joseph and Benjamin. Sons of Rachel, Jacob's wife: Joseph and Benjamin. The sons of Rachel Jacob's wife; Joseph, and Benjamin.
Genesis 46:20 And unto Joseph in the land of Egypt were born Manasseh and Ephraim, which Asenath the daughter of Potipherah priest of On bare unto him. And unto Joseph in the land of Egypt were born Manasseh and Ephraim, whom Asenath, the daughter of Poti-phera priest of On, bare unto him. And sons were born to Joseph, in the land of Egypt, whom Aseneth the daughter of Putiphare priest of Heliopolis bore him: Manasses and Ephraim. And to Joseph in the land of Egypt were born Manasseh and Ephraim, whom Asnath bore to him, the daughter of Potipherah the priest in On. And unto Joseph in the land of Egypt were born Manasseh and Ephraim, which Asenath the daughter of Poti-phera priest of On bare unto him. And to Joseph in the land of Egypt were born Manasseh and Ephraim, whom Asenath the daughter of Poti-pherah priest of On bore to him. To Joseph in the land of Egypt were born Manasseh and Ephraim, whom Asenath, the daughter of Potiphera, priest of On, bore to him. And born to Joseph in the land of Egypt (whom Asenath daughter of Poti-Pherah, priest of On, hath borne to him) are Manasseh and Ephraim. And to Joseph in the land of Egypt were born Manasseh and Ephraim, which Asenath the daughter of Potipherah priest of On bore to him.
Genesis 46:21 And the sons of Benjamin were Belah, and Becher, and Ashbel, Gera, and Naaman, Ehi, and Rosh, Muppim, and Huppim, and Ard. And the sons of Benjamin: Bela, and Becher, and Ashbel, Gera, and Naaman, Ehi, and Rosh, Muppim, and Huppim, and Ard. The sons of Benjamin: Bela and Bechor and Asbel and Gera and Naaman and Echi and Ros and Mophim and Ophim and Ared. And the sons of Benjamin: Belah, And Becher, And Ashbel, Gera And Naaman, Ehi And Rosh, Muppim, And Huppim, And Ard. And the sons of Benjamin; Bela, and Becher, and Ashbel, Gera, and Naaman, Ehi, and Rosh, Muppim, and Huppim, and Ard. And the sons of Benjamin were Belah, and Becher, and Ashbel, Gera, and Naaman, Ehi, and Rosh, Muppim, and Huppim, and Ard. The sons of Benjamin: Bela, Becher, Ashbel, Gera, Naaman, Ehi, Rosh, Muppim, Huppim, and Ard. And sons of Benjamin: Belah, and Becher, and Ashbel, Gera, and Naaman, Ehi, and Rosh, Muppim, and Huppim, and Ard. And the sons of Benjamin were Belah, and Becher, and Ashbel, Gera, and Naaman, Ehi, and Rosh, Muppim, and Huppim, and Ard.
Genesis 46:22 These are the sons of Rachel, which were born to Jacob: all the souls were fourteen. These are the sons of Rachel, who were born to Jacob: all the souls were fourteen. These are the sons of Rachel, whom she bore to Jacob: all the souls, four- teen. these are the sons of Rachel who were born to Jacob: all the souls were fourteen. These are the sons of Rachel, which were born to Jacob: all the souls were fourteen. These are the sons of Rachel, who were born to Jacob; all the souls were fourteen. These are the sons of Rachel, who were born to Jacob: all the souls were fourteen. These are sons of Rachel, who were born to Jacob; all the persons are fourteen. These are the sons of Rachel, which were born to Jacob: all the souls were fourteen.
Genesis 46:23 And the sons of Dan; Hushim. And the sons of Dan: Hushim. The sons of Dan: Husim. And the sons of Dan: Hushim. And the sons of Dan; Hushim. And the sons of Dan; Hushim. The son of Dan: Hushim. And sons of Dan: Hushim. And the sons of Dan; Hushim.
Genesis 46:24 And the sons of Naphtali; Jahzeel, and Guni, and Jezer, and Shillem. And the sons of Naphtali: Jahzeel, and Guni, and Jezer, and Shillem. The sons of Nephtali: Jaziel and Guni and Jeser and Sallem. And the sons of Naphtali: Jahzeel, And Guni, And Jezer, And Shillem. And the sons of Naphtali; Jahzeel, and Guni, and Jezer, and Shillem. And the sons of Naphtali; Jahzeel, and Guni, and Jezer, and Shillem. The sons of Naphtali: Jahzeel, Guni, Jezer, and Shillem. And sons of Naphtali: Jahzeel, and Guni, and Jezer, and Shillem. And the sons of Naphtali; Jahzeel, and Guni, and Jezer, and Shillem.
Genesis 46:25 These are the sons of Bilhah, which Laban gave unto Rachel his daughter, and she bare these unto Jacob: all the souls were seven. These are the sons of Bilhah, whom Laban gave unto Rachel his daughter, and these she bare unto Jacob: all the souls were seven. These are the sons of Bala, whom Laban gave to Rachel his daughter: and these she bore to Jacob: all the souls, seven. These are the sons of Bilhah, whom Laban gave to Rachel his daughter; and she bore these to Jacob: all the souls were seven. These are the sons of Bilhah, which Laban gave unto Rachel his daughter, and these she bare unto Jacob: all the souls were seven. These are the sons of Bilhah, whom Laban gave to Rachel his daughter, and she bore these to Jacob: all the souls were seven. These are the sons of Bilhah, whom Laban gave to Rachel, his daughter, and these she bore to Jacob: all the souls were seven. These are sons of Bilhah, whom Laban gave to Rachel his daughter; and she beareth these to Jacob &#8212; all the persons are seven. These are the sons of Bilhah, which Laban gave to Rachel his daughter, and she bore these to Jacob: all the souls were seven.
Genesis 46:26 All the souls that came with Jacob into Egypt, which came out of his loins, besides Jacob's sons' wives, all the souls were threescore and six; All the souls that came with Jacob into Egypt, that came out of his loins, besides Jacob's sons wives, all the souls were threescore and six; All the souls that went with Jacob into Egypt, and that came out of his thigh, besides his sons' wives, sixty-six. All the souls that came with Jacob to Egypt, that had come out of his loins, besides Jacob's sons' wives: all the souls were sixty-six. All the souls that came with Jacob into Egypt, which came out of his loins, besides Jacob's sons' wives, all the souls were threescore and six; All the souls that came with Jacob into Egypt, who came out of his loins, besides Jacob's sons' wives, all the souls were sixty and six. All the souls who came with Jacob into Egypt, who were his direct descendants, besides Jacob's sons' wives, all the souls were sixty-six. All the persons who are coming to Jacob to Egypt, coming out of his thigh, apart from the wives of Jacob's sons, all the persons are sixty and six. All the souls that came with Jacob into Egypt, which came out of his loins, besides Jacob's sons' wives, all the souls were three score and six; 
Genesis 46:27 And the sons of Joseph, which were born him in Egypt, were two souls: all the souls of the house of Jacob, which came into Egypt, were threescore and ten. And the sons of Joseph, who were born to him in Egypt, were two souls: all the souls of the house of Jacob, that came into Egypt, were threescore and ten. And the sons of Joseph, that were born to him in the land of Egypt, two souls. All the souls of the house of Jacob, that entered into Egypt, were seventy. And the sons of Joseph who were born to him in Egypt, were two souls. All the souls of the house of Jacob that came to Egypt were seventy. And the sons of Joseph, which were born to him in Egypt, were two souls: all the souls of the house of Jacob, which came into Egypt, were threescore and ten. And the sons of Joseph who were born to him in Egypt, were two souls: all the souls of the house of Jacob, who came into Egypt, were seventy. The sons of Joseph, who were born to him in Egypt, were two souls. All the souls of the house of Jacob, who came into Egypt, were seventy. And the sons of Joseph who have been born to him in Egypt are two persons. All the persons of the house of Jacob who are coming into Egypt are seventy. And the sons of Joseph, which were born him in Egypt, were two souls: all the souls of the house of Jacob, which came into Egypt, were three score and ten.
Genesis 46:28 And he sent Judah before him unto Joseph, to direct his face unto Goshen; and they came into the land of Goshen. And he sent Judah before him unto Joseph, to show the way before him unto Goshen; and they came into the land of Goshen. And he sent Juda before him to Joseph, to tell him; and that he should meet him in Gessen. And he sent Judah before him to Joseph, to give notice before he came to Goshen. And they came into the land of Goshen. And he sent Judah before him unto Joseph, to shew the way before him unto Goshen; and they came into the land of Goshen. And he sent Judah before him to Joseph, to direct his face to Goshen; and they came into the land of Goshen.He sent Judah before him to Joseph, to show the way before him to Goshen, and they came into the land of Goshen. And Judah he hath sent before him unto Joseph, to direct before him to Goshen, and they come into the land of Goshen; And he sent Judah before him to Joseph, to direct his face to Goshen; and they came into the land of Goshen.
Genesis 46:29 And Joseph made ready his chariot, and went up to meet Israel his father, to Goshen, and presented himself unto him; and he fell on his neck, and wept on his neck a good while. And Joseph made ready his chariot, and went up to meet Israel his father, to Goshen; and he presented himself unto him, and fell on his neck, and wept on his neck a good while. And when he was come thither, Joseph made ready his chariot, and went up to meet his father, in the same place: and seeing him, he fell upon his neck, and embracing him wept. Then Joseph yoked his chariot, and went up to meet Israel his father, to Goshen, and he presented himself to him; and he fell on his neck, and wept on his neck a good while. And Joseph made ready his chariot, and went up to meet Israel his father, to Goshen; and he presented himself unto him, and fell on his neck, and wept on his neck a good while. And Joseph made ready his chariot, and went to meet Israel his father to Goshen; and presented himself to him: and he fell on his neck, and wept on his neck a good while.Joseph prepared his chariot, and went up to meet Israel, his father, in Goshen. He presented himself to him, and fell on his neck, and wept on his neck a good while. And Joseph harnesseth his chariot, and goeth up to meet Israel his father, to Goshen, and appeareth unto him, and falleth on his neck, and weepeth on his neck again; And Joseph made ready his chariot, and went up to meet Israel his father, to Goshen, and presented himself to him; and he fell on his neck, and wept on his neck a good while.
Genesis 46:30 And Israel said unto Joseph, Now let me die, since I have seen thy face, because thou art yet alive. And Israel said unto Joseph, Now let me die, since I have seen thy face, that thou art yet alive. And the father said to Joseph: Now shall I die with joy, because I have seen thy face, and leave thee alive. And Israel said to Joseph, Now let me die, after I have seen thy face, since thou still livest. And Israel said unto Joseph, Now let me die, since I have seen thy face, that thou art yet alive. And Israel said to Joseph, Now let me die, since I have seen thy face, because thou art yet alive.Israel said to Joseph, "Now let me die, since I have seen your face, that you are still alive." and Israel saith unto Joseph, 'Let me die this time, after my seeing thy face, for thou art yet alive.' And Israel said to Joseph, Now let me die, since I have seen your face, because you are yet alive.
Genesis 46:31 And Joseph said unto his brethren, and unto his father's house, I will go up, and shew Pharaoh, and say unto him, My brethren, and my father's house, which were in the land of Canaan, are come unto me; And Joseph said unto his brethren, and unto his father's house, I will go up, and tell Pharaoh, and will say unto him, My brethren, and my father's house, who were in the land of Canaan, are come unto me; And Joseph said to his brethren, and to all his father's house: I will go up, and will tell Pharao, and will say to him: My brethren and my father's house, that were in the land of Chanaan, are come to me:  And Joseph said to his brethren and to his father's house, I will go up, and tell Pharaoh, and say to him, My brethren and my father's house, who were in the land of Canaan, are come to me; And Joseph said unto his brethren, and unto his father's house, I will go up, and tell Pharaoh, and will say unto him, My brethren, and my father's house, which were in the land of Canaan, are come unto me; And Joseph said to his brethren, and to his father's house, I will go up, and show Pharaoh, and say to him, My brethren, and my father's house, who were in the land of Canaan are come to me.Joseph said to his brothers, and to his father's house, "I will go up, and speak with Pharaoh, and will tell him, 'My brothers, and my father's house, who were in the land of Canaan, have come to me. And Joseph saith unto his brethren, and unto the house of his father, 'I go up, and declare to Pharaoh, and say unto him, My brethren, and the house of my father who are in the land of Canaan have come in unto me; And Joseph said to his brothers, and to his father's house, I will go up, and show Pharaoh, and say to him, My brothers, and my father's house, which were in the land of Canaan, are come to me; 
Genesis 46:32 And the men are shepherds, for their trade hath been to feed cattle; and they have brought their flocks, and their herds, and all that they have. And the men are shepherds, for they have been keepers of cattle; and they have brought their flocks, and their herds, and all that they have. And the men are shepherds, and their occupation is to feed cattle: their flocks and herds, and all they have, they have brought with them. and the men are shepherds, for they have been occupied with cattle; and they have brought their sheep, and their cattle, and all that they have. And the men are shepherds, for they have been keepers of cattle; and they have brought their flocks, and their herds, and all that they have. And the men are shepherds, for their employment hath been to feed cattle; and they have brought their flocks, and their herds, and all that they have. These men are shepherds, for they have been keepers of livestock, and they have brought their flocks, and their herds, and all that they have.' and the men are feeders of a flock, for they have been men of cattle; and their flock, and their herd, and all that they have, they have brought.' And the men are shepherds, for their trade has been to feed cattle; and they have brought their flocks, and their herds, and all that they have.
Genesis 46:33 And it shall come to pass, when Pharaoh shall call you, and shall say, What is your occupation? And it shall come to pass, when Pharaoh shall call you, and shall say, What is your occupation? And when he shall call you, and shall say: What is your occupation?  And it shall come to pass that when Pharaoh shall call you and say, What is your occupation? And it shall come to pass, when Pharaoh shall call you, and shall say, What is your occupation? And it shall come to pass, when Pharaoh shall call you, and shall say, What is your occupation? It will happen, when Pharaoh summons you, and will say, 'What is your occupation?' And it hath come to pass when Pharaoh calleth for you, and hath said, What are your works? And it shall come to pass, when Pharaoh shall call you, and shall say, What is your occupation? 
Genesis 46:34 That ye shall say, Thy servants' trade hath been about cattle from our youth even until now, both we, and also our fathers: that ye may dwell in the land of Goshen; for every shepherd is an abomination unto the Egyptians. That ye shall say, Thy servants have been keepers of cattle from our youth even until now, both we, and our fathers: that ye may dwell in the land of Goshen; for every shepherd is an abomination unto the Egyptians.You shall answer: We thy servants are shepherds, from our infancy until now, both we and our fathers. And this you shall say, that you may dwell in the land of Gessen, because the Egyptians have all shepherds in abomination. then ye shall say, Thy servants are men that have been occupied with cattle from our youth even until now, both we and our fathers; in order that ye may dwell in the land of Goshen; for every shepherd is an abomination to the Egyptians. That ye shall say, Thy servants have been keepers of cattle from our youth even until now, both we, and our fathers: that ye may dwell in the land of Goshen; for every shepherd is an abomination unto the Egyptians. That ye shall say, The occupation of thy servants hath been about cattle from our youth even until now, both we, and also our fathers: that ye may dwell in the land of Goshen; for every shepherd is an abomination to the Egyptians. That you shall say, 'Your servants have been keepers of livestock from our youth even until now, both we, and our fathers:' that you may dwell in the land of Goshen; for every shepherd is an abomination to the Egyptians." that ye have said, Thy servants have been men of cattle from our youth, even until now, both we and our fathers, &#8212; in order that ye may dwell in the land of Goshen, for the abomination of the Egyptians is every one feeding a flock.' That you shall say, Your servants' trade has been about cattle from our youth even until now, both we, and also our fathers: that you may dwell in the land of Goshen; for every shepherd is an abomination to the Egyptians.
Genesis 47:1 Then Joseph came and told Pharaoh, and said, My father and my brethren, and their flocks, and their herds, and all that they have, are come out of the land of Canaan; and, behold, they are in the land of Goshen. Then Joseph went in and told Pharaoh, and said, My father and my brethren, and their flocks, and their herds, and all that they have, are come out of the land of Canaan; and, behold, they are in the land of Goshen. Then Joseph went in and told Pharao, saying: My father and brethren, their sheep and their herds, and all that they possess, are come out of the land of Chanaan: and behold they stay in the land of Gessen. And Joseph came and told Pharaoh and said, My father and my brethren, and their sheep and their cattle, and all that they have, are come out of the land of Canaan; and behold, they are in the land of Goshen. Then Joseph went in and told Pharaoh, and said, My father and my brethren, and their flocks, and their herds, and all that they have, are come out of the land of Canaan; and, behold, they are in the land of Goshen. Then Joseph came and told Pharaoh, and said, My father and my brethren, and their flocks, and their herds, and all that they have, have come from the land of Canaan; and behold, they are in the land of Goshen. Then Joseph went in and told Pharaoh, and said, "My father and my brothers, with their flocks, their herds, and all that they own, have come out of the land of Canaan; and behold, they are in the land of Goshen." And Joseph cometh, and declareth to Pharaoh, and saith, 'My father, and my brethren, and their flock, and their herd, and all they have, have come from the land of Canaan, and lo, they are in the land of Goshen.' Then Joseph came and told Pharaoh, and said, My father and my brothers, and their flocks, and their herds, and all that they have, are come out of the land of Canaan; and, behold, they are in the land of Goshen.
Genesis 47:2 And he took some of his brethren, even five men, and presented them unto Pharaoh. And from among his brethren he took five men, and presented them unto Pharaoh.Five men also the last of his brethren, he presented before the king:  And he took from the whole number of his brethren, five men, and set them before Pharaoh. And from among his brethren he took five men, and presented them unto Pharaoh. And he took some of his brethren, even five men, and presented them to Pharaoh.From among his brothers he took five men, and presented them to Pharaoh. And out of his brethren he hath taken five men, and setteth them before Pharaoh; And he took some of his brothers, even five men, and presented them to Pharaoh.
Genesis 47:3 And Pharaoh said unto his brethren, What is your occupation? And they said unto Pharaoh, Thy servants are shepherds, both we, and also our fathers. And Pharaoh said unto his brethren, What is your occupation? And they said unto Pharaoh, Thy servants are shepherds, both we, and our fathers. And he asked them: What is your occupation? They answered: Re thy servants are shepherds, both we, and our fathers. And Pharaoh said to his brethren, What is your occupation? And they said to Pharaoh, Thy servants are shepherds, both we and our fathers. And Pharaoh said unto his brethren, What is your occupation? And they said unto Pharaoh, Thy servants are shepherds, both we, and our fathers. And Pharaoh said to his brethren, What is your occupation? And they said to Pharaoh, Thy servants are shepherds, both we, and also our fathers.Pharaoh said to his brothers, "What is your occupation?" They said to Pharaoh, "Your servants are shepherds, both we, and our fathers." and Pharaoh saith unto his brethren, 'What are your works?' and they say unto Pharaoh, 'Thy servants are feeders of a flock, both we and our fathers;' And Pharaoh said to his brothers, What is your occupation? And they said to Pharaoh, Your servants are shepherds, both we, and also our fathers.
Genesis 47:4 They said moreover unto Pharaoh, For to sojourn in the land are we come; for thy servants have no pasture for their flocks; for the famine is sore in the land of Canaan: now therefore, we pray thee, let thy servants dwell in the land of Goshen. And they said unto Pharaoh, To sojourn in the land are we come; for there is no pasture for thy servants flocks; for the famine is sore in the land of Canaan: now therefore, we pray thee, let thy servants dwell in the land of Goshen.We are come to sojourn in thy land, because there is no grass for the flocks of thy servants, the famine being very grievous in the land of Chanaan: and we pray thee to give orders that we thy servants may be in the land of Gessen. And they said to Pharaoh, To sojourn in the land are we come; for there is no pasture for the sheep that thy servants have, for the famine is grievous in the land of Canaan; and now, we pray thee, let thy servants dwell in the land of Goshen. And they said unto Pharaoh, To sojourn in the land are we come; for there is no pasture for thy servants' flocks; for the famine is sore in the land of Canaan: now therefore, we pray thee, let thy servants dwell in the land of Goshen. They said moreover to Pharaoh, We have come to sojourn in the land: for thy servants have no pasture for their flocks, for the famine is severe in the land of Canaan: now therefore, we pray thee, let thy servants dwell in the land of Goshen. They said to Pharaoh, "We have come to live as foreigners in the land, for there is no pasture for your servants' flocks. For the famine is severe in the land of Canaan. Now therefore, please let your servants dwell in the land of Goshen." and they say unto Pharaoh, 'To sojourn in the land we have come, for there is no pasture for the flock which thy servants have, for grievous is the famine in the land of Canaan; and now, let thy servants, we pray thee, dwell in the land of Goshen.' They said morever to Pharaoh, For to sojourn in the land are we come; for your servants have no pasture for their flocks; for the famine is sore in the land of Canaan: now therefore, we pray you, let your servants dwell in the land of Goshen.
Genesis 47:5 And Pharaoh spake unto Joseph, saying, Thy father and thy brethren are come unto thee: And Pharaoh spake unto Joseph, saying, Thy father and thy brethren are come unto thee: The king therefore said to Joseph: Thy father and thy brethren are come to thee. And Pharaoh spoke to Joseph, saying, Thy father and thy brethren are come to thee. And Pharaoh spake unto Joseph, saying, Thy father and thy brethren are come unto thee: And Pharaoh spoke to Joseph, saying, Thy father and thy brethren have come to thee: Pharaoh spoke to Joseph, saying, "Your father and your brothers have come to you. And Pharaoh speaketh unto Joseph, saying, 'Thy father and thy brethren have come unto thee: And Pharaoh spoke to Joseph, saying, Your father and your brothers are come to you: 
Genesis 47:6 The land of Egypt is before thee; in the best of the land make thy father and brethren to dwell; in the land of Goshen let them dwell: and if thou knowest any men of activity among them, then make them rulers over my cattle. The land of Egypt is before thee; in the best of the land make thy father and thy brethren to dwell; in the land of Goshen let them dwell: and if thou knowest any able men among them, then make them rulers over my cattle. The land of Egypt is before thee: make them dwell in the best place, and give them the land of Gessen. And if thou knowest that there are industrious men among them, make them rulers over my cattle. The land of Egypt is before thee; in the best of the land settle thy father and thy brethren: let them dwell in the land of Goshen. And if thou knowest men of activity among them, then set them as overseers of cattle over what I have. The land of Egypt is before thee; in the best of the land make thy father and thy brethren to dwell; in the land of Goshen let them dwell: and if thou knowest any able men among them, then make them rulers over my cattle. The land of Egypt is before thee; in the best of the land make thy father and brethren to dwell; in the land of Goshen let them dwell; and if thou knowest any men of activity among them, then make them rulers over my cattle. The land of Egypt is before you. Make your father and your brothers dwell in the best of the land. Let them dwell in the land of Goshen. If you know any able men among them, then put them in charge of my livestock." the land of Egypt is before thee; in the best of the land cause thy father and thy brethren to dwell &#8212; they dwell in the land of Goshen, and if thou hast known, and there are among them men of ability, then thou hast set them heads over the cattle I have.' The land of Egypt is before you; in the best of the land make your father and brothers to dwell; in the land of Goshen let them dwell: and if you know any men of activity among them, then make them rulers over my cattle.
Genesis 47:7 And Joseph brought in Jacob his father, and set him before Pharaoh: and Jacob blessed Pharaoh. And Joseph brought in Jacob his father, and set him before Pharaoh: and Jacob blessed Pharaoh. After this Joseph brought in his to the king, and presented him before him: and he blessed him. And Joseph brought Jacob his father, and set him before Pharaoh. And Jacob blessed Pharaoh. And Joseph brought in Jacob his father, and set him before Pharaoh: and Jacob blessed Pharaoh. And Joseph brought in Jacob his father, and set him before Pharaoh: and Jacob blessed Pharaoh.Joseph brought in Jacob, his father, and set him before Pharaoh, and Jacob blessed Pharaoh. And Joseph bringeth in Jacob his father, and causeth him to stand before Pharaoh; and Jacob blesseth Pharaoh. And Joseph brought in Jacob his father, and set him before Pharaoh: and Jacob blessed Pharaoh.
Genesis 47:8 And Pharaoh said unto Jacob, How old art thou? And Pharaoh said unto Jacob, How many are the days of the years of thy life? And being asked by him: How many are the days of the years of thy life?  And Pharaoh said to Jacob, How many are the days of the years of thy life? And Pharaoh said unto Jacob, How many are the days of the years of thy life? And Pharaoh said to Jacob, How old art thou? Pharaoh said to Jacob, "How many are the days of the years of your life?" And Pharaoh saith unto Jacob, 'How many are the days of the years of thy life?' And Pharaoh said to Jacob, How old are you? 
Genesis 47:9 And Jacob said unto Pharaoh, The days of the years of my pilgrimage are an hundred and thirty years: few and evil have the days of the years of my life been, and have not attained unto the days of the years of the life of my fathers in the days of their pilgrimage. And Jacob said unto Pharaoh, The days of the years of my pilgrimage are a hundred and thirty years: few and evil have been the days of the years of my life, and they have not attained unto the days of the years of the life of my fathers in the days of their pilgrimage.He answered: The days of my pilgrimage are a hundred and thirty years, few, and evil, and they are not come up to the days of the pilgrimage of my fathers. And Jacob said to Pharaoh, The days of the years of my sojourning are a hundred and thirty years. Few and evil have been the days of the years of my life, and they do not attain to the days of the years of the life of my fathers, in the days of their sojourning. And Jacob said unto Pharaoh, The days of the years of my pilgrimage are an hundred and thirty years: few and evil have been the days of the years of my life, and they have not attained unto the days of the years of the life of my fathers in the days of their pilgrimage. And Jacob said to Pharaoh, The days of the years of my pilgrimage are a hundred and thirty years: few and evil have been the days of the years of my life, nor have they attained to the days of the years of the life of my fathers in the days of their pilgrimage.Jacob said to Pharaoh, "The days of the years of my pilgrimage are one hundred thirty years. Few and evil have been the days of the years of my life, and they have not attained to the days of the years of the life of my fathers in the days of their pilgrimage." And Jacob saith unto Pharaoh, 'The days of the years of my sojournings are an hundred and thirty years; few and evil have been the days of the years of my life, and they have not reached the days of the years of the life of my fathers, in the days of their sojournings.' And Jacob said to Pharaoh, The days of the years of my pilgrimage are an hundred and thirty years: few and evil have the days of the years of my life been, and have not attained to the days of the years of the life of my fathers in the days of their pilgrimage.
Genesis 47:10 And Jacob blessed Pharaoh, and went out from before Pharaoh. And Jacob blessed Pharaoh, and went out from the presence of Pharaoh. And blessing the king, he went out. And Jacob blessed Pharaoh, and went out from Pharaoh. And Jacob blessed Pharaoh, and went out from the presence of Pharaoh. And Jacob blessed Pharaoh, and went out from before Pharaoh.Jacob blessed Pharaoh, and went out from the presence of Pharaoh. And Jacob blesseth Pharaoh, and goeth out from before Pharaoh. And Jacob blessed Pharaoh, and went out from before Pharaoh.
Genesis 47:11 And Joseph placed his father and his brethren, and gave them a possession in the land of Egypt, in the best of the land, in the land of Rameses, as Pharaoh had commanded. And Joseph placed his father and his brethren, and gave them a possession in the land of Egypt, in the best of the land, in the land of Rameses, as Pharaoh had commanded.But Joseph gave a possession to his father and his brethren in Egypt, in the best place of the land, in Ramesses, as Pharao had commanded. And Joseph settled his father and his brethren, and gave them a possession in the land of Egypt, in the best of the land, in the land of Rameses, as Pharaoh had commanded. And Joseph placed his father and his brethren, and gave them a possession in the land of Egypt, in the best of the land, in the land of Rameses, as Pharaoh had commanded. And Joseph placed his father and his brethren, and gave them a possession in the land of Egypt, in the best of the land, in the land of Rameses, as Pharaoh had commanded.Joseph placed his father and his brothers, and gave them a possession in the land of Egypt, in the best of the land, in the land of Rameses, as Pharaoh had commanded. And Joseph settleth his father and his brethren, and giveth to them a possession in the land of Egypt, in the best of the land, in the land of Rameses, as Pharaoh commanded; And Joseph placed his father and his brothers, and gave them a possession in the land of Egypt, in the best of the land, in the land of Rameses, as Pharaoh had commanded.
Genesis 47:12 And Joseph nourished his father, and his brethren, and all his father's household, with bread, according to their families. And Joseph nourished his father, and his brethren, and all his father's household, with bread, according to their families. And he nourished them, and all his father's house, allowing food to every one. And Joseph maintained his father, and his brethren, and all his father's household, with bread, according to the number of the little ones. And Joseph nourished his father, and his brethren, and all his father's household, with bread, according to their families. And Joseph nourished his father, and his brethren, and all his father's household, with bread according to their families.Joseph nourished his father, his brothers, and all of his father's household, with bread, according to their families. And Joseph nourisheth his father, and his brethren, and all the house of his father with bread, according to the mouth of the infants. And Joseph nourished his father, and his brothers, and all his father's household, with bread, according to their families.
Genesis 47:13 And there was no bread in all the land; for the famine was very sore, so that the land of Egypt and all the land of Canaan fainted by reason of the famine. And there was no bread in all the land; for the famine was very sore, so that the land of Egypt and the land of Canaan fainted by reason of the famine.For in the whole world there was want of bread, and a famine had op- pressed the land: more especially of Egypt and Chanaan. And there was no bread in all the land; for the famine was very grievous; and the land of Egypt and the land of Canaan were exhausted through the famine. And there was no bread in all the land; for the famine was very sore, so that the land of Egypt and the land of Canaan fainted by reason of the famine. And there was no bread in all the land; for the famine was very distressing, so that the land of Egypt, and all the land of Canaan, fainted by reason of the famine. There was no bread in all the land; for the famine was very severe, so that the land of Egypt and the land of Canaan fainted by reason of the famine. And there is no bread in all the land, for the famine is very grievous, and the land of Egypt and the land of Canaan are feeble because of the famine; And there was no bread in all the land; for the famine was very sore, so that the land of Egypt and all the land of Canaan fainted by reason of the famine.
Genesis 47:14 And Joseph gathered up all the money that was found in the land of Egypt, and in the land of Canaan, for the corn which they bought: and Joseph brought the money into Pharaoh's house. And Joseph gathered up all the money that was found in the land of Egypt, and in the land of Canaan, for the grain which they bought: and Joseph brought the money into Pharaoh's house.Out of which he gathered up all the money for the corn which they bought, and brought it into the king's treasure. And Joseph gathered up all the money that was found in the land of Egypt, and in the land of Canaan, for the grain which they bought; and Joseph brought the money into Pharaoh's house. And Joseph gathered up all the money that was found in the land of Egypt, and in the land of Canaan, for the corn which they bought: and Joseph brought the money into Pharaoh's house. And Joseph gathered all the money that was found in the land of Egypt, and in the land of Canaan, for the corn which they bought: and Joseph brought the money into Pharaoh's house.Joseph gathered up all the money that was found in the land of Egypt, and in the land of Canaan, for the grain which they bought: and Joseph brought the money into Pharaoh's house. And Joseph gathereth all the silver that is found in the land of Egypt, and in the land of Canaan, for the corn that they are buying, and Joseph bringeth the silver into the house of Pharaoh. And Joseph gathered up all the money that was found in the land of Egypt, and in the land of Canaan, for the corn which they bought: and Joseph brought the money into Pharaoh's house.
Genesis 47:15 And when money failed in the land of Egypt, and in the land of Canaan, all the Egyptians came unto Joseph, and said, Give us bread: for why should we die in thy presence? for the money faileth. And when the money was all spent in the land of Egypt, and in the land of Canaan, all the Egyptians came unto Joseph, and said, Give us bread: for why should we die in thy presence? for our money faileth. And when the buyers wanted money, all Egypt came to Joseph, saying: Give us bread: why should we die in thy presence, having now net money. And when money came to an end in the land of Egypt and in the land of Canaan, all the Egyptians came to Joseph, saying, Give us bread! for why should we die before thee? for our money is all gone. And when the money was all spent in the land of Egypt, and in the land of Canaan, all the Egyptians came unto Joseph, and said, Give us bread: for why should we die in thy presence? for our money faileth. And when money failed in the land of Egypt, and in the land of Canaan, all the Egyptians came to Joseph, and said, Give us bread: for why should we die in thy presence: for the money faileth.When the money was all spent in the land of Egypt, and in the land of Canaan, all the Egyptians came to Joseph, and said, "Give us bread, for why should we die in your presence? For our money fails." And the silver is consumed out of the land of Egypt, and out of the land of Canaan, and all the Egyptians come in unto Joseph, saying, 'Give to us bread &#8212; why do we die before thee, though the money hath ceased?' And when money failed in the land of Egypt, and in the land of Canaan, all the Egyptians came to Joseph, and said, Give us bread: for why should we die in your presence? for the money fails.
Genesis 47:16 And Joseph said, Give your cattle; and I will give you for your cattle, if money fail. And Joseph said, Give your cattle; and I will give you for your cattle, if money fail. And he answered them: Bring your cattle, and for them I will give you food, if you have no money. And Joseph said, Give your cattle, and I will give you for your cattle, if your money be all gone. And Joseph said, Give your cattle; and I will give you for your cattle, if money fail. And Joseph said, Give your cattle; and I will give you for your cattle, if money hath failed.Joseph said, "Give me your livestock; and I will give you food for your livestock, if your money is gone." and Joseph saith, 'Give your cattle; and I give to you for your cattle, if the money hath ceased.' And Joseph said, Give your cattle; and I will give you for your cattle, if money fail.
Genesis 47:17 And they brought their cattle unto Joseph: and Joseph gave them bread in exchange for horses, and for the flocks, and for the cattle of the herds, and for the asses: and he fed them with bread for all their cattle for that year. And they brought their cattle unto Joseph; and Joseph gave them bread in exchange for the horses, and for the flocks, and for the herds, and for the asses: and he fed them with bread in exchange for all their cattle for that year. And when they had brought them, he gave them food in exchange for their horses, and sheep, and oxen, end asses and he maintained them that year for the exchange of their cattle. And they brought their cattle to Joseph; and Joseph gave them bread for horses, and for flocks of sheep, and for herds of cattle, and for asses; and he fed them with bread for all their cattle that year. And they brought their cattle unto Joseph: and Joseph gave them bread in exchange for the horses, and for the flocks, and for the herds, and for the asses: and he fed them with bread in exchange for all their cattle for that year. And they brought their cattle to Joseph: and Joseph gave them bread in exchange for horses, and for the flocks, and for the cattle of the herds, and for the asses; and he fed them with bread, for all their cattle, for that year. They brought their livestock to Joseph, and Joseph gave them bread in exchange for the horses, and for the flocks, and for the herds, and for the donkeys: and he fed them with bread in exchange for all their livestock for that year. And they bring in their cattle unto Joseph, and Joseph giveth to them bread, for the horses, and for the cattle of the flock, and for the cattle of the herd, and for the asses; and he tendeth them with bread, for all their cattle, during that year. And they brought their cattle to Joseph: and Joseph gave them bread in exchange for horses, and for the flocks, and for the cattle of the herds, and for the asses: and he fed them with bread for all their cattle for that year.
Genesis 47:18 When that year was ended, they came unto him the second year, and said unto him, We will not hide it from my lord, how that our money is spent; my lord also hath our herds of cattle; there is not ought left in the sight of my lord, but our bodies, and our lands: And when that year was ended, they came unto him the second year, and said unto him, We will not hide from my lord, how that our money is all spent; and the herds of cattle are my lord's; there is nought left in the sight of my lord, but our bodies, and our lands: And they came the second year, and said to him: We will not hide from our lord, how that our money is spent, and our cattle also are gone: neither art thou ignorant that we have nothing now left but our bodies and our lands. And that year ended; and they came to him the second year, and said to him, We will not hide it from my lord that since our money is come to an end, and the herds of cattle are in the possession of my lord, nothing is left before my lord but our bodies and our land. And when that year was ended, they came unto him the second year, and said unto him, We will not hide from my lord, how that our money is all spent; and the herds of cattle are my lord's; there is nought left in the sight of my lord, but our bodies, and our lands: When that year was ended, they came to him the second year, and said to him, We will not hide from my lord, how that our money is spent; my lord also hath our herds of cattle; there is not aught left in the sight of my lord, but our bodies and our lands: When that year was ended, they came to him the second year, and said to him, "We will not hide from my lord how our money is all spent, and the herds of livestock are my lord's. There is nothing left in the sight of my lord, but our bodies, and our lands. And that year is finished, and they come in unto him on the second year, and say to him, 'We do not hide from my lord, that since the money hath been finished, and possession of the cattle is unto my lord, there hath not been left before my lord save our bodies, and our ground; When that year was ended, they came to him the second year, and said to him, We will not hide it from my lord, how that our money is spent; my lord also has our herds of cattle; there is not ought left in the sight of my lord, but our bodies, and our lands: 
Genesis 47:19 Wherefore shall we die before thine eyes, both we and our land? buy us and our land for bread, and we and our land will be servants unto Pharaoh: and give us seed, that we may live, and not die, that the land be not desolate.wherefore should we die before thine eyes, both we and our land? buy us and our land for bread, and we and our land will be servants unto Pharaoh: and give us seed, that we may live, and not die, and that the land be not desolate.Why therefore shall we die before thy eyes? we will be thins, both we and our lands: buy us to be the king's servants, and give us seed, lest for want of tillers the land be turned into a wilderness. Why should we die before thine eyes, both we and our land? Buy us and our land for bread, and we and our land will be bondmen to Pharaoh; and give seed, that we may live, and not die, and that the land be not desolate.wherefore should we die before thine eyes, both we and our land? buy us and our land for bread, and we and our land will be servants unto Pharaoh: and give us seed, that we may live, and not die, and that the land be not desolate.Why shall we die before thy eyes, both we and our land? buy us and our land for bread, and we and our land will be servants to Pharaoh: and give us seed, that we may live, and not die, that the land be not desolate.Why should we die before your eyes, both we and our land? Buy us and our land for bread, and we and our land will be servants to Pharaoh. Give us seed, that we may live, and not die, and that the land won't be desolate." why do we die before thine eyes, both we and our ground? buy us and our ground for bread, and we and our ground are servants to Pharaoh; and give seed, and we live, and die not, and the ground is not desolate.' Why shall we die before your eyes, both we and our land? buy us and our land for bread, and we and our land will be servants to Pharaoh: and give us seed, that we may live, and not die, that the land be not desolate.
Genesis 47:20 And Joseph bought all the land of Egypt for Pharaoh; for the Egyptians sold every man his field, because the famine prevailed over them: so the land became Pharaoh's. So Joseph bought all the land of Egypt for Pharaoh; for the Egyptians sold every man his field, because the famine was sore upon them: and the land became Pharaoh's. So Joseph bought all the land of Egypt, every man selling his possessions, because of the greatness of the famine. And he brought it into Pharao's hands:  And Joseph bought all the soil of Egypt for Pharaoh; for the Egyptians sold every man his field, because the famine prevailed over them; and the land became Pharaoh's. So Joseph bought all the land of Egypt for Pharaoh; for the Egyptians sold every man his field, because the famine was sore upon them: and the land became Pharaoh's. And Joseph bought all the land of Egypt for Pharaoh; for the Egyptians sold every man his field, because the famine prevailed over them: so the land became Pharaoh's. So Joseph bought all the land of Egypt for Pharaoh, for every man of the Egyptians sold his field, because the famine was severe on them, and the land became Pharaoh's. And Joseph buyeth all the ground of Egypt for Pharaoh, for the Egyptians have sold each his field, for the famine hath been severe upon them, and the land becometh Pharaoh's; And Joseph bought all the land of Egypt for Pharaoh; for the Egyptians sold every man his field, because the famine prevailed over them: so the land became Pharaoh's.
Genesis 47:21 And as for the people, he removed them to cities from one end of the borders of Egypt even to the other end thereof. And as for the people, he removed them to the cities from one end of the border of Egypt even to the other end thereof. And all its people from one end of the borders of Egypt, even to the other end thereof,  And as for the people, he removed them into the cities, from one end of the borders of Egypt even to the other end of it. And as for the people, he removed them to the cities from one end of the border of Egypt even to the other end thereof. And as for the people, he removed them to cities from one end of the borders of Egypt even to the other end thereof. As for the people, he moved them to the cities from one end of the border of Egypt even to the other end of it. As to the people he hath removed them to cities from the one end of the border of Egypt even unto its other end. And as for the people, he removed them to cities from one end of the borders of Egypt even to the other end thereof.
Genesis 47:22 Only the land of the priests bought he not; for the priests had a portion assigned them of Pharaoh, and did eat their portion which Pharaoh gave them: wherefore they sold not their lands.Only the land of the priests bought he not: for the priests had a portion from Pharaoh, and did eat their portion which Pharaoh gave them; wherefore they sold not their land.Except the land of the priests, which had been given them by the king: to whom also a certain allowance of food was given out of the public stores, and therefore they were not forced to sell their possessions. Only the land of the priests he did not buy; for the priests had an assigned portion from Pharaoh, and ate their assigned portion which Pharaoh had given them; so they did not sell their land.Only the land of the priests bought he not: for the priests had a portion from Pharaoh, and did eat their portion which Pharaoh gave them; wherefore they sold not their land.Only the land of the priests bought he not; for the priests had a portion assigned them by Pharaoh, and ate their portion which Pharaoh gave them: wherefore they sold not their lands.Only he didn't buy the land of the priests, for the priests had a portion from Pharaoh, and ate their portion which Pharaoh gave them. That is why they didn't sell their land.Only the ground of the priests he hath not bought, for the priests have a portion from Pharaoh, and they have eaten their portion which Pharaoh hath given to them, therefore they have not sold their ground.Only the land of the priests bought he not; for the priests had a portion assigned them of Pharaoh, and did eat their portion which Pharaoh gave them: why they sold not their lands.
Genesis 47:23 Then Joseph said unto the people, Behold, I have bought you this day and your land for Pharaoh: lo, here is seed for you, and ye shall sow the land. Then Joseph said unto the people, Behold, I have bought you this day and your land for Pharaoh: lo, here is seed for you, and ye shall sow the land. Then Joseph said to the people : Be- hold as you see, both you and your lands belong to Pharao: take seed and sow the fields,  And Joseph said to the people, Behold, I have bought you this day and your land for Pharaoh: lo, here is seed for you, and sow the land. Then Joseph said unto the people, Behold, I have bought you this day and your land for Pharaoh: lo, here is seed for you, and ye shall sow the land. Then Joseph said to the people, Behold, I have bought you this day and your land for Pharaoh: lo, here is seed for you, and ye shall sow the land. Then Joseph said to the people, "Behold, I have bought you and your land today for Pharaoh. Behold, here is seed for you, and you shall sow the land. And Joseph saith unto the people, 'Lo, I have bought you to-day and your ground for Pharaoh; lo, seed for you, and ye have sown the ground, Then Joseph said to the people, Behold, I have bought you this day and your land for Pharaoh: see, here is seed for you, and you shall sow the land.
Genesis 47:24 And it shall come to pass in the increase, that ye shall give the fifth part unto Pharaoh, and four parts shall be your own, for seed of the field, and for your food, and for them of your households, and for food for your little ones. And it shall come to pass at the ingatherings, that ye shall give a fifth unto Pharaoh, and four parts shall be your own, for seed of the field, and for your food, and for them of your households, and for food for your little ones. That you may have corn. The fifth part you shall give to the king: the other four you shall have for seed, and for food for your families and children. And it shall come to pass in the increase that ye shall give the fifth to Pharaoh, and the four parts shall be your own, for seed of the field, and for your food, and for them of your households, and for food for your little ones. And it shall come to pass at the ingatherings, that ye shall give a fifth unto Pharaoh, and four parts shall be your own, for seed of the field, and for your food, and for them of your households, and for food for your little ones. And it shall come to pass in the increase, that ye shall give the fifth part to Pharaoh, and four parts shall be your own, for seed of the field, and for your food, and for them of your households, and for food for your little ones.It will happen at the harvests, that you shall give a fifth to Pharaoh, and four parts will be your own, for seed of the field, for your food, for them of your households, and for food for your little ones." and it hath come to pass in the increases, that ye have given a fifth to Pharaoh, and four of the parts are for yourselves, for seed of the field, and for your food, and for those who are in your houses, and for food for your infants.' And it shall come to pass in the increase, that you shall give the fifth part to Pharaoh, and four parts shall be your own, for seed of the field, and for your food, and for them of your households, and for food for your little ones.
Genesis 47:25 And they said, Thou hast saved our lives: let us find grace in the sight of my lord, and we will be Pharaoh's servants. And they said, Thou hast saved our lives: let us find favor in the sight of my lord, and we will be Pharaoh's servants. And they answered: Our life is in thy hand: only let my lord look favourably upon us, and we will gladly serve the king. And they said, Thou hast saved us alive. Let us find favour in the eyes of my lord, and we will be Pharaoh's bondmen. And they said, Thou hast saved our lives: let us find grace in the sight of my lord, and we will be Pharaoh's servants. And they said, Thou hast saved our lives: let us find grace in the sight of my lord, and we will be Pharaoh's servants. They said, "You have saved our lives! Let us find favor in the sight of my lord, and we will be Pharaoh's servants." And they say, 'Thou hast revived us; we find grace in the eyes of my lord, and have been servants to Pharaoh;' And they said, You have saved our lives: let us find grace in the sight of my lord, and we will be Pharaoh's servants.
Genesis 47:26 And Joseph made it a law over the land of Egypt unto this day, that Pharaoh should have the fifth part; except the land of the priests only, which became not Pharaoh's. And Joseph made it a statute concerning the land of Egypt unto this day, that Pharaoh should have the fifth; only the land of the priests alone became not Pharaoh's.From that time unto this day, in the whole land of Egypt, the fifth part is paid to the king, and it is become as a law, except the land of the priests, which was free from this covenant. And Joseph made it a law over the land of Egypt to this day, that the fifth should be for Pharaoh, except the land of the priests: theirs alone did not become Pharaoh's. And Joseph made it a statute concerning the land of Egypt unto this day, that Pharaoh should have the fifth; only the land of the priests alone became not Pharaoh's. And Joseph made it a law over the land of Egypt to this day, that Pharaoh should have the fifth part; except the land of the priests only, which became not Pharaoh's.Joseph made it a statute concerning the land of Egypt to this day, that Pharaoh should have the fifth. Only the land of the priests alone didn't become Pharaoh's. And Joseph setteth it for a statute unto this day, concerning the ground of Egypt, that Pharaoh hath a fifth; only the ground of the priests alone hath not become Pharaoh's. And Joseph made it a law over the land of Egypt to this day, that Pharaoh should have the fifth part, except the land of the priests only, which became not Pharaoh's.
Genesis 47:27 And Israel dwelt in the land of Egypt, in the country of Goshen; and they had possessions therein, and grew, and multiplied exceedingly. And Israel dwelt in the land of Egypt, in the land of Goshen; and they gat them possessions therein, and were fruitful, and multiplied exceedingly. So Israel dwelt in Egypt, that is, in the land of Gessen, and possessed it: and grew, and was multiplied exceedingly. And Israel dwelt in the land of Egypt, in the land of Goshen; and they had possessions in it, and were fruitful and multiplied exceedingly. And Israel dwelt in the land of Egypt, in the land of Goshen; and they gat them possessions therein, and were fruitful, and multiplied exceedingly. And Israel dwelt in the land of Egypt, in the country of Goshen; and they had possessions in it and grew, and multiplied exceedingly.Israel lived in the land of Egypt, in the land of Goshen; and they got themselves possessions therein, and were fruitful, and multiplied exceedingly. And Israel dwelleth in the land of Egypt, in the land of Goshen, and they have possession in it, and are fruitful, and multiply exceedingly; And Israel dwelled in the land of Egypt, in the country of Goshen; and they had possessions therein, and grew, and multiplied exceedingly.
Genesis 47:28 And Jacob lived in the land of Egypt seventeen years: so the whole age of Jacob was an hundred forty and seven years. And Jacob lived in the land of Egypt seventeen years: so the days of Jacob, the years of his life, were a hundred forty and seven years. And he lived in it seventeen years: and all the days of his life came to a hundred and forty-seven years. And Jacob lived in the land of Egypt seventeen years; and the days of Jacob, the years of his life, were a hundred and forty-seven years. And Jacob lived in the land of Egypt seventeen years: so the days of Jacob, the years of his life, were an hundred forty and seven years. And Jacob lived in the land of Egypt seventeen years: so the whole age of Jacob was a hundred and forty seven years.Jacob lived in the land of Egypt seventeen years. So the days of Jacob, the years of his life, were one hundred forty-seven years. And Jacob liveth in the land of Egypt seventeen years, and the days of Jacob, the years of his life, are an hundred and forty and seven years. And Jacob lived in the land of Egypt seventeen years: so the whole age of Jacob was an hundred forty and seven years.
Genesis 47:29 And the time drew nigh that Israel must die: and he called his son Joseph, and said unto him, If now I have found grace in thy sight, put, I pray thee, thy hand under my thigh, and deal kindly and truly with me; bury me not, I pray thee, in Egypt: And the time drew near that Israel must die: and he called his son Joseph, and said unto him, If now I have found favor in thy sight, put, I pray thee, thy hand under my thigh, and deal kindly and truly with me: bury me not, I pray thee, in Egypt; And when he saw that the day of his death drew nigh, he called his son Joseph, and said to him: If I have found favour in thy sight, put thy hand under my thigh; and thou shalt shew me this kindness and truth, not to bury me in Egypt:  And the days of Israel approached that he should die. And he called his son Joseph, and said to him, If now I have found favour in thine eyes, put, I pray thee, thy hand under my thigh, and deal kindly and truly with me: bury me not, I pray thee, in Egypt; And the time drew near that Israel must die: and he called his son Joseph, and said unto him, If now I have found grace in thy sight, put, I pray thee, thy hand under my thigh, and deal kindly and truly with me; bury me not, I pray thee, in Egypt: And the time drew nigh that Israel must die: and he called his son Joseph, and said to him, If now I have found grace in thy sight, put, I pray thee, thy hand under my thigh, and deal kindly and truly with me; bury me not, I pray thee, in Egypt: The time drew near that Israel must die, and he called his son Joseph, and said to him, "If now I have found favor in your sight, please put your hand under my thigh, and deal kindly and truly with me. Please don't bury me in Egypt, And the days of Israel are near to die, and he calleth for his son, for Joseph, and saith to him, 'If, I pray thee, I have found grace in thine eyes, put, I pray thee, thy hand under my thigh, and thou hast done with me kindness and truth; bury me not, I pray thee, in Egypt, And the time drew near that Israel must die: and he called his son Joseph, and said to him, If now I have found grace in your sight, put, I pray you, your hand under my thigh, and deal kindly and truly with me; bury me not, I pray you, in Egypt: 
Genesis 47:30 But I will lie with my fathers, and thou shalt carry me out of Egypt, and bury me in their buryingplace. And he said, I will do as thou hast said.but when I sleep with my fathers, thou shalt carry me out of Egypt, and bury me in their burying-place. And he said, I will do as thou hast said.But I will sleep with my fathers, end thou shalt take me away out of this land, and bury me in the burying place of my ancestors. And Joseph answered him: I will do what thou hast commanded. but when I shall lie with my fathers, thou shalt carry me out of Egypt, and bury me in their sepulchre. And he said, I will do according to thy word.but when I sleep with my fathers, thou shalt carry me out of Egypt, and bury me in their buryingplace. And he said, I will do as thou hast said.But I will lie with my fathers, and thou shalt carry me out of Egypt, and bury me in their burying-place. And he said, I will do as thou hast said.but when I sleep with my fathers, you shall carry me out of Egypt, and bury me in their burying place." He said, "I will do as you have said." and I have lain with my fathers, and thou hast borne me out of Egypt, and buried me in their burying-place.' And he saith, 'I &#8212; I do according to thy word;' But I will lie with my fathers, and you shall carry me out of Egypt, and bury me in their burial plot. And he said, I will do as you have said.
Genesis 47:31 And he said, Swear unto me. And he sware unto him. And Israel bowed himself upon the bed's head. And he said, Swear unto me: and he sware unto him. And Israel bowed himself upon the bed's head. And he said: Swear then to me. And as he was swearing, Israel adored God, turning to the bed's head. And he said, Swear to me; and he swore to him. And Israel worshipped on the bed's head. And he said, Swear unto me: and he sware unto him. And Israel bowed himself upon the bed's head. And he said, Swear to me: and he swore to him. And Israel bowed himself upon the bed's head.He said, "Swear to me," and he swore to him. Israel bowed himself on the bed's head. And he saith, 'Swear to me;' and he sweareth to him, and Israel boweth himself on the head of the bed. And he said, Swear to me. And he swore to him. And Israel bowed himself on the bed's head.
Genesis 48:1 And it came to pass after these things, that one told Joseph, Behold, thy father is sick: and he took with him his two sons, Manasseh and Ephraim. And it came to pass after these things, that one said to Joseph, Behold, thy father is sick: and he took with him his two sons, Manasseh and Ephraim. After these things, it was told Joseph that his father was sick: and he set out to go to him, taking his two sons Manasses and Ephraim. And it came to pass after these things, that one told Joseph, Behold, thy father is sick. And he took with him his two sons Manasseh and Ephraim. And it came to pass after these things, that one said to Joseph, Behold, thy father is sick: and he took with him his two sons, Manasseh and Ephraim. And it came to pass after these things, that one told Joseph, Behold, thy father is sick: and he took with him his two sons, Manasseh and Ephraim.It happened after these things, that someone said to Joseph, "Behold, your father is sick." He took with him his two sons, Manasseh and Ephraim. And it cometh to pass, after these things, that one saith to Joseph, 'Lo, thy father is sick;' and he taketh his two sons with him, Manasseh and Ephraim. And it came to pass after these things, that one told Joseph, Behold, your father is sick: and he took with him his two sons, Manasseh and Ephraim.
Genesis 48:2 And one told Jacob, and said, Behold, thy son Joseph cometh unto thee: and Israel strengthened himself, and sat upon the bed. And one told Jacob, and said, Behold, thy son Joseph cometh unto thee: and Israel strengthened himself, and sat upon the bed. And it was told the old man: Behold I thy son Joseph cometh to thee. And being strengthened he sat on his bed. And one told Jacob and said, Behold, thy son Joseph is coming to thee. And Israel strengthened himself, and sat upon the bed. And one told Jacob, and said, Behold, thy son Joseph cometh unto thee: and Israel strengthened himself, and sat upon the bed. And one told Jacob, and said, Behold, thy son Joseph cometh to thee: and Israel strengthened himself, and sat upon the bed. Someone told Jacob, and said, "Behold, your son Joseph comes to you," and Israel strengthened himself, and sat on the bed. And one declareth to Jacob, and saith, 'Lo, thy son Joseph is coming unto thee;' and Israel doth strengthen himself, and sit upon the bed. And one told Jacob, and said, Behold, your son Joseph comes to you: and Israel strengthened himself, and sat on the bed.
Genesis 48:3 And Jacob said unto Joseph, God Almighty appeared unto me at Luz in the land of Canaan, and blessed me, And Jacob said unto Joseph, God Almighty appeared unto me at Luz in the land of Canaan, and blessed me, And when Joseph was come in to him, he said : God Almighty appeared to me at Lute, which is in the land of Chanaan: and he blessed me,  And Jacob said to Joseph, The Almighty God appeared to me at Luz in the land of Canaan, and blessed me, And Jacob said unto Joseph, God Almighty appeared unto me at Luz in the land of Canaan, and blessed me, And Jacob said to Joseph, God Almighty appeared to me at Luz, in the land of Canaan, and blessed me, Jacob said to Joseph, "God Almighty appeared to me at Luz in the land of Canaan, and blessed me, And Jacob saith unto Joseph, 'God Almighty hath appeared unto me, in Luz, in the land of Canaan, and blesseth me, And Jacob said to Joseph, God Almighty appeared to me at Luz in the land of Canaan, and blessed me, 
Genesis 48:4 And said unto me, Behold, I will make thee fruitful, and multiply thee, and I will make of thee a multitude of people; and will give this land to thy seed after thee for an everlasting possession. And said unto me, Behold, I will make thee fruitful, and multiply thee, and I will make of thee a company of peoples, and will give this land to thy seed after thee for an everlasting possession. And he said : I will cause thee to increase and multiply, and I will make of thee a multitude of people: and I will give this land to thee, and to thy seed after thee for an everlasting possession. and he said to me, Behold, I will make thee fruitful and multiply thee, and I will make of thee a company of peoples; and will give this land to thy seed after thee for an everlasting possession. And said unto me, Behold, I will make thee fruitful, and multiply thee, and I will make of thee a company of peoples; and will give this land to thy seed after thee for an everlasting possession. And said to me, Behold I will make thee fruitful, and multiply thee, and I will make of thee a multitude of people; and will give this land to thy seed after thee, for an everlasting possession. And said to me, 'Behold, I will make you fruitful, and multiply you, and I will make of you a company of peoples, and will give this land to your seed after you for an everlasting possession.' and saith unto me, Lo, I am making thee fruitful, and have multiplied thee, and given thee for an assembly of peoples, and given this land to thy seed after thee, a possession age-during. And said to me, Behold, I will make you fruitful, and multiply you, and I will make of you a multitude of people; and will give this land to your seed after you for an everlasting possession.
Genesis 48:5 And now thy two sons, Ephraim and Manasseh, which were born unto thee in the land of Egypt before I came unto thee into Egypt, are mine; as Reuben and Simeon, they shall be mine. And now thy two sons, who were born unto thee in the land of Egypt before I came unto thee into Egypt, are mine; Ephraim and Manasseh, even as Reuben and Simeon, shall be mine. So thy two sons who were born to thee in the land of Egypt before I came hither to thee, shall be mine: Ephraim and Manasses shall be reputed to me as Ruben and Simeon. And now thy two sons, who were born to thee in the land of Egypt before I came to thee into Egypt, shall be mine: Ephraim and Manasseh shall be mine, as Reuben and Simeon. And now thy two sons, which were born unto thee in the land of Egypt before I came unto thee into Egypt, are mine; Ephraim and Manasseh, even as Reuben and Simeon, shall be mine. And now, thy two sons, Ephraim and Manasseh, who were born to thee in the land of Egypt, before I came to thee into Egypt, are mine; as Reuben and Simeon, they shall be mine.Now your two sons, who were born to you in the land of Egypt before I came to you into Egypt, are mine; Ephraim and Manasseh, even as Reuben and Simeon, will be mine. And now, thy two sons, who are born to thee in the land of Egypt, before my coming unto thee to Egypt, mine they are; Ephraim and Manasseh, as Reuben and Simeon they are mine; And now your two sons, Ephraim and Manasseh, which were born to you in the land of Egypt before I came to you into Egypt, are mine; as Reuben and Simeon, they shall be mine.
Genesis 48:6 And thy issue, which thou begettest after them, shall be thine, and shall be called after the name of their brethren in their inheritance. And thy issue, that thou begettest after them, shall be thine; they shall be called after the name of their brethren in their inheritance.But the rest whom thou shalt have after them, shall be thine, and shall be called by the name of their brethren in their possessions. And thy family which thou hast begotten after them shall be thine: they shall be called after the name of their brethren in their inheritance. And thy issue, which thou begettest after them, shall be thine; they shall be called after the name of their brethren in their inheritance. And thy issue, which thou begettest after them, shall be thine, and shall be called after the name of their brethren in their inheritance.Your issue, who you become the father of after them, will be yours. They will be called after the name of their brothers in their inheritance. And thy family which thou hast begotten after them are thine; by the name of their brethren they are called in their inheritance. And your issue, which you beget after them, shall be yours, and shall be called after the name of their brothers in their inheritance.
Genesis 48:7 And as for me, when I came from Padan, Rachel died by me in the land of Canaan in the way, when yet there was but a little way to come unto Ephrath: and I buried her there in the way of Ephrath; the same is Bethlehem. And as for me, when I came from Paddan, Rachel died by me in the land of Canaan in the way, when there was still some distance to come unto Ephrath: and I buried her there in the way to Ephrath (the same is Beth-lehem).For, when I came out of Mesopotamia, Rachel died from me in the land of Ohanaan in the very journey, and it was springtime: and I was going to Ephrata, and I buried her near the way of Ephrata, which by another name is called Bethlehem. And as for me, when I came from Padan, Rachel died by me in the land of Canaan on the way, when there was yet a certain distance to come to Ephrath; and I buried her there on the way to Ephrath, that is, Bethlehem. And as for me, when I came from Paddan, Rachel died by me in the land of Canaan in the way, when there was still some way to come unto Ephrath: and I buried her there in the way to Ephrath (the same is Beth-lehem). And as for me, when I came from Padan, Rachel died by me in the land of Canaan, in the way, when yet there was but a little way to come to Ephrath: and I buried her there in the way of Ephrath, the same is Beth-lehem. As for me, when I came from Paddan, Rachel died by me in the land of Canaan in the way, when there was still some distance to come to Ephrath, and I buried her there in the way to Ephrath (the same is Bethlehem)." And I &#8212; in my coming in from Padan-Aram Rachel hath died by me in the land of Canaan, in the way, while yet a kibrath of land to enter Ephrata, and I bury her there in the way of Ephrata, which is Bethlehem.' And as for me, when I came from Padan, Rachel died by me in the land of Canaan in the way, when yet there was but a little way to come to Ephrath: and I buried her there in the way of Ephrath; the same is Bethlehem.
Genesis 48:8 And Israel beheld Joseph's sons, and said, Who are these? And Israel beheld Joseph's sons, and said, Who are these? Then seeing his sons, he said to him: Who are these?  And Israel beheld Joseph's sons, and said, Who are these? And Israel beheld Joseph's sons, and said, Who are these? And Israel beheld Joseph's sons, and said, Who are these? Israel saw Joseph's sons, and said, "Who are these?" And Israel seeth the sons of Joseph, and saith, 'Who are these?' And Israel beheld Joseph's sons, and said, Who are these? 
Genesis 48:9 And Joseph said unto his father, They are my sons, whom God hath given me in this place. And he said, Bring them, I pray thee, unto me, and I will bless them. And Joseph said unto his father, They are my sons, whom God hath given me here. And he said, Bring them, I pray thee, unto me, and I will bless them.He answered: They are my sons, whom God hath given me in this place. And he said: Bring them to me that I may bless them. And Joseph said to his father, They are my sons, whom God has given me here. And he said, Bring them, I pray thee, to me, that I may bless them. And Joseph said unto his father, They are my sons, whom God hath given me here. And he said, Bring them, I pray thee, unto me, and I will bless them. And Joseph said to his father, They are my sons, whom God hath given me in this place. And he said, Bring them, I pray thee, to me, and I will bless them.Joseph said to his father, "They are my sons, whom God has given me here." He said, "Please bring them to me, and I will bless them." and Joseph saith unto his father, 'They are my sons, whom God hath given to me in this place;' and he saith, 'Bring them, I pray thee, unto me, and I bless them.' And Joseph said to his father, They are my sons, whom God has given me in this place. And he said, Bring them, I pray you, to me, and I will bless them.
Genesis 48:10 Now the eyes of Israel were dim for age, so that he could not see. And he brought them near unto him; and he kissed them, and embraced them.Now the eyes of Israel were dim for age, so that he could not see. And he brought them near unto him; and he kissed them, and embraced them.For Israel's eyes were dim by reason of his great age, and he could not see clearly. And when they were brought to him, he kissed and embraced them. But the eyes of Israel were heavy from age: he could not see. And he brought them nearer to him; and he kissed them, and embraced them.Now the eyes of Israel were dim for age, so that he could not see. And he brought them near unto him; and he kissed them, and embraced them.(Now the eyes of Israel were dim for age, so that he could not see:) And he brought them near to him; and he kissed them, and embraced them.Now the eyes of Israel were dim for age, so that he couldn't see. He brought them near to him; and he kissed them, and embraced them. And the eyes of Israel have been heavy from age, he is unable to see; and he bringeth them nigh unto him, and he kisseth them, and cleaveth to them; Now the eyes of Israel were dim for age, so that he could not see.  And he brought them near to him; and he kissed them, and embraced them.
Genesis 48:11 And Israel said unto Joseph, I had not thought to see thy face: and, lo, God hath shewed me also thy seed. And Israel said unto Joseph, I had not thought to see thy face: and, lo, God hath let me see thy seed also. And said to his son: I am not deprived of seeing thee: moreover God hath shewed me thy seed. And Israel said to Joseph, I had not thought to see thy face; and behold, God has let me see also thy seed. And Israel said unto Joseph, I had not thought to see thy face: and, lo, God hath let me see thy seed also. And Israel said to Joseph, I had not thought to see thy face: and lo, God hath shown me also thy seed.Israel said to Joseph, "I didn't think I would see your face, and behold, God has let me see your seed also." and Israel saith unto Joseph, 'To see thy face I had not thought, and lo, God hath shewed me also thy seed.' And Israel said to Joseph, I had not thought to see your face: and, see, God has showed me also your seed.
Genesis 48:12 And Joseph brought them out from between his knees, and he bowed himself with his face to the earth. And Joseph brought them out from between his knees; and he bowed himself with his face to the earth. And when Joseph had taken them from his father's lap, he bowed down with his face to the ground. And Joseph brought them out from his knees, and bowed down with his face to the earth. And Joseph brought them out from between his knees; and he bowed himself with his face to the earth. And Joseph brought them out from between his knees, and he bowed himself with his face to the earth.Joseph brought them out from between his knees, and he bowed himself with his face to the earth. And Joseph bringeth them out from between his knees, and boweth himself on his face to the earth; And Joseph brought them out from between his knees, and he bowed himself with his face to the earth.
Genesis 48:13 And Joseph took them both, Ephraim in his right hand toward Israel's left hand, and Manasseh in his left hand toward Israel's right hand, and brought them near unto him. And Joseph took them both, Ephraim in his right hand toward Israel's left hand, and Manasseh in his left hand toward Israel's right hand, and brought them near unto him. And he set Ephraim on his right bend, that is, towards the left hand of Israel; but Manasses on his left hand, to wit, towards his father's right hand, and brought them near to him. And Joseph took them both, Ephraim in his right hand toward Israel's left hand, and Manasseh in his left hand toward Israel's right hand, and brought them near to him. And Joseph took them both, Ephraim in his right hand toward Israel's left hand, and Manasseh in his left hand toward Israel's right hand, and brought them near unto him. And Joseph took them both, Ephraim in his right hand towards Israel's left hand, and Manasseh in his left hand towards Israel's right hand, and brought them near to him.Joseph took them both, Ephraim in his right hand toward Israel's left hand, and Manasseh in his left hand toward Israel's right hand, and brought them near to him. And Joseph taketh them both, Ephraim in his right hand towards Israel's left, and Manasseh in his left towards Israel's right, and bringeth them nigh to him. And Joseph took them both, Ephraim in his right hand toward Israel's left hand, and Manasseh in his left hand toward Israel's right hand, and brought them near to him.
Genesis 48:14 And Israel stretched out his right hand, and laid it upon Ephraim's head, who was the younger, and his left hand upon Manasseh's head, guiding his hands wittingly; for Manasseh was the firstborn. And Israel stretched out his right hand, and laid it upon Ephraim's head, who was the younger, and his left hand upon Manasseh's head, guiding his hands wittingly; for Manasseh was the first-born.But he stretching forth his right hand, put it upon the head of Ephraim the younger brother; and the left upon the head of Manasses who was the elder, changing his hands. But Israel stretched out his right hand, and laid it on Ephraim's head now he was the younger and his left hand on Manasseh's head; guiding his hands intelligently, for Manasseh was the firstborn. And Israel stretched out his right hand, and laid it upon Ephraim's head, who was the younger, and his left hand upon Manasseh's head, guiding his hands wittingly; for Manasseh was the firstborn. And Israel stretched out his right hand, and laid it upon Ephraim's head, who was the younger, and his left hand upon Manasseh's head, guiding his hands by design; for Manasseh was the first-born.Israel stretched out his right hand, and laid it on Ephraim's head, who was the younger, and his left hand on Manasseh's head, guiding his hands knowingly, for Manasseh was the firstborn. And Israel putteth out his right hand, and placeth it upon the head of Ephraim, who is the younger, and his left hand upon the head of Manasseh; he hath guided his hands wisely, for Manasseh is the first-born. And Israel stretched out his right hand, and laid it on Ephraim's head, who was the younger, and his left hand on Manasseh's head, guiding his hands wittingly; for Manasseh was the firstborn.
Genesis 48:15 And he blessed Joseph, and said, God, before whom my fathers Abraham and Isaac did walk, the God which fed me all my life long unto this day, And he blessed Joseph, and said, The God before whom my fathers Abraham and Isaac did walk, the God who hath fed me all my life long unto this day, And Jacob blessed the sons of Joseph, and said: God, in whose sight my fathers Abraham and Isaac walked, God that feedeth me from my youth until this day;  And he blessed Joseph, and said, The God before whom my fathers Abraham and Isaac walked, the God that shepherded me all my life long to this day, And he blessed Joseph, and said, The God before whom my fathers Abraham and Isaac did walk, the God which hath fed me all my life long unto this day, And he blessed Joseph, and said, God, before whom my fathers Abraham and Isaac did walk, the God who hath fed me all my life long to this day, He blessed Joseph, and said, "The God before whom my fathers Abraham and Isaac did walk, the God who has fed me all my life long to this day, And he blesseth Joseph, and saith, 'God, before whom my fathers Abraham and Isaac walked habitually: God who is feeding me from my being unto this day: And he blessed Joseph, and said, God, before whom my fathers Abraham and Isaac did walk, the God which fed me all my life long to this day, 
Genesis 48:16 The Angel which redeemed me from all evil, bless the lads; and let my name be named on them, and the name of my fathers Abraham and Isaac; and let them grow into a multitude in the midst of the earth. The angel who hath redeemed me from all evil, bless the lads; and let my name be named on them, and the name of my fathers Abraham and Isaac; and let them grow into a multitude in the midst of the earth. The angel that delivereth me from all evils, bless these boys: and let my name be called upon them, and the names of my fathers Abraham, and Isaac, and may they grow into a multitude upon the earth. the Angel that redeemed me from all evil, bless the lads; and let my name be named upon them, and the name of my fathers Abraham and Isaac; and let them grow into a multitude in the midst of the land! the angel which hath redeemed me from all evil, bless the lads; and let my name be named on them, and the name of my fathers Abraham and Isaac; and let them grow into a multitude in the midst of the earth. The angel who hath redeemed me from all evil, bless the lads; and let my name be named on them, and the name of my fathers Abraham and Isaac: and let them grow into a multitude in the midst of the earth. The angel who has redeemed me from all evil, bless the lads, and let my name be named on them, and the name of my fathers Abraham and Isaac. Let them grow into a multitude in the midst of the earth." the Messenger who is redeeming me from all evil doth bless the youths, and my name is called upon them, and the name of my fathers Abraham and Isaac; and they increase into a multitude in the midst of the land.' The Angel which redeemed me from all evil, bless the lads; and let my name be named on them, and the name of my fathers Abraham and Isaac; and let them grow into a multitude in the middle of the earth.
Genesis 48:17 And when Joseph saw that his father laid his right hand upon the head of Ephraim, it displeased him: and he held up his father's hand, to remove it from Ephraim's head unto Manasseh's head. And when Joseph saw that his father laid his right hand upon the head of Ephraim, it displeased him: and he held up his father's hand, to remove it from Ephraim's head unto Manasseh's head. And Joseph seeing that his father had put his right hand upon the head of Ephraim, was much displeased: and taking his father's hand he tried to lift it from Ephraims head, and to remove it to the head of Manasses. When Joseph saw that his father laid his right hand on the head of Ephraim, it was evil in his eyes; and he took hold of his father's hand to remove it from Ephraim's head to Manasseh's head. And when Joseph saw that his father laid his right hand upon the head of Ephraim, it displeased him: and he held up his father's hand, to remove it from Ephraim's head unto Manasseh's head. And when Joseph saw that his father laid his right hand upon the head of Ephraim, it displeased him: and he lifted his father's hand, to remove it from Ephraim's head to Manasseh's head.When Joseph saw that his father laid his right hand on the head of Ephraim, it displeased him. He held up his father's hand, to remove it from Ephraim's head to Manasseh's head. And Joseph seeth that his father setteth his right hand on the head of Ephraim, and it is wrong in his eyes, and he supporteth the hand of his father to turn it aside from off the head of Ephraim to the head of Manasseh; And when Joseph saw that his father laid his right hand on the head of Ephraim, it displeased him: and he held up his father's hand, to remove it from Ephraim's head to Manasseh's head.
Genesis 48:18 And Joseph said unto his father, Not so, my father: for this is the firstborn; put thy right hand upon his head. And Joseph said unto his father, Not so, my father; for this is the first-born; put thy right hand upon his head. And he said to his father: It should not be so, my father: for this is the first- born, put thy right hand upon his head. And Joseph said to his father, Not so, my father, for this is the firstborn: put thy right hand on his head. And Joseph said unto his father, Not so, my father: for this is the firstborn; put thy right hand upon his head. And Joseph said to his father, Not so, my father; for this is the first-born; put thy right hand upon his head.Joseph said to his father, "Not so, my father; for this is the firstborn; put your right hand on his head." and Joseph saith unto his father, 'Not so, my father, for this is the first-born; set thy right hand on his head.' And Joseph said to his father, Not so, my father: for this is the firstborn; put your right hand on his head.
Genesis 48:19 And his father refused, and said, I know it, my son, I know it: he also shall become a people, and he also shall be great: but truly his younger brother shall be greater than he, and his seed shall become a multitude of nations. And his father refused, and said, I know it , my son, I know it . He also shall become a people, and he also shall be great: howbeit his younger brother shall be greater than he, and his seed shall become a multitude of nations.But he refusing, said: I know, my son, I know: and this also shall become peoples, and shall be multiplied: but this younger brother shall be greater than he: and his seed shall grow into nations. But his father refused and said, I know, my son, I know: he also will become a people, and he also will be great; but truly his younger brother will be greater than he; and his seed will become the fulness of nations. And his father refused, and said, I know it, my son, I know it: he also shall become a people, and he also shall be great: howbeit his younger brother shall be greater than he, and his seed shall become a multitude of nations. And his father refused, and said, I know it, my son, I know it; he also shall become a people, and he also shall be great; but truly his younger brother shall be greater than he, and his seed shall become a multitude of nations.His father refused, and said, "I know, my son, I know. He also will become a people, and he also will be great. However, his younger brother will be greater than he, and his seed will become a multitude of nations." And his father refuseth, and saith, 'I have known, my son, I have known; he also becometh a people, and he also is great, and yet, his young brother is greater than he, and his seed is the fulness of the nations;' And his father refused, and said, I know it, my son, I know it: he also shall become a people, and he also shall be great: but truly his younger brother shall be greater than he, and his seed shall become a multitude of nations.
Genesis 48:20 And he blessed them that day, saying, In thee shall Israel bless, saying, God make thee as Ephraim and as Manasseh: and he set Ephraim before Manasseh. And he blessed them that day, saying, In thee will Israel bless, saying, God make thee as Ephraim and as Manasseh: and he set Ephraim before Manasseh. And he blessed them at that time, saying: In thee shall Israel be blessed, and it shall be said: God do to thee as to Ephraim, and as to Manasses. And he set Ephraim before Manasses. And he blessed them that day, saying, In thee will Israel bless, saying, God make thee as Ephraim and Manasseh! And he set Ephraim before Manasseh. And he blessed them that day, saying, In thee shall Israel bless, saying, God make thee as Ephraim and as Manasseh: and he set Ephraim before Manasseh. And he blessed them that day, saying, In thee shall Israel bless, saying, God make thee as Ephraim and as Manasseh: and he set Ephraim before Manasseh.He blessed them that day, saying, "In you will Israel bless, saying, 'God make you as Ephraim and as Manasseh'" He set Ephraim before Manasseh. And he blesseth them in that day, saying, 'By thee doth Israel bless, saying, God set thee as Ephraim and as Manasseh;' and he setteth Ephraim before Manasseh. And he blessed them that day, saying, In you shall Israel bless, saying, God make you as Ephraim and as Manasseh: and he set Ephraim before Manasseh.
Genesis 48:21 And Israel said unto Joseph, Behold, I die: but God shall be with you, and bring you again unto the land of your fathers. And Israel said unto Joseph, Behold, I die: but God will be with you, and bring you again unto the land of your fathers. And he said to Joseph his son: Be- hold I die, and God will be with you, and will bring you back into the land of your fathers. And Israel said to Joseph, Behold, I die; and God will be with you, and bring you again to the land of your fathers. And Israel said unto Joseph, Behold, I die: but God shall be with you, and bring you again unto the land of your fathers. And Israel said to Joseph, Behold, I die; but God shall be with you, and bring you again to the land of your fathers.Israel said to Joseph, "Behold, I am dying, but God will be with you, and bring you again to the land of your fathers. And Israel saith unto Joseph, 'Lo, I am dying, and God hath been with you, and hath brought you back unto the land of your fathers; And Israel said to Joseph, Behold, I die: but God shall be with you, and bring you again to the land of your fathers.
Genesis 48:22 Moreover I have given to thee one portion above thy brethren, which I took out of the hand of the Amorite with my sword and with my bow.Moreover I have given to thee one portion above thy brethren, which I took out of the hand of the Amorite with my sword and with my bow.I give thee a portion above thy brethren, which I took out of the hand of the Amorrhite a with my sword and bow. And I have given to thee one tract of land above thy brethren, which I took out of the hand of the Amorite with my sword and with my bow.Moreover I have given to thee one portion above thy brethren, which I took out of the hand of the Amorite with my sword and with my bow.Moreover I have given to thee one portion above thy brethren, which I took out of the hand of the Amorite with my sword and with my bow.Moreover I have given to you one portion above your brothers, which I took out of the hand of the Amorite with my sword and with my bow." and I &#8212; I have given to thee one portion above thy brethren, which I have taken out of the hand of the Amorite by my sword and by my bow.' Moreover I have given to you one portion above your brothers, which I took out of the hand of the Amorite with my sword and with my bow.
Genesis 49:1 And Jacob called unto his sons, and said, Gather yourselves together, that I may tell you that which shall befall you in the last days. And Jacob called unto his sons, and said: gather yourselves together, that I may tell you that which shall befall you in the latter days. And Jacob called his sons, and said to them: Gather yourselves together that I may tell you the things that shall befall you in the last days. And Jacob called his sons, and said, Gather yourselves together, and I will tell you what will befall you at the end of days. And Jacob called unto his sons, and said: Gather yourselves together, that I may tell you that which shall befall you in the latter days. And Jacob called to his sons, and said, Assemble yourselves, that I may tell you that which shall befall you in the last days.Jacob called to his sons, and said: "Gather yourselves together, that I may tell you that which will happen to you in the days to come. And Jacob calleth unto his sons and saith, 'Be gathered together, and I declare to you that which doth happen with you in the latter end of the days. And Jacob called to his sons, and said, Gather yourselves together, that I may tell you that which shall befall you in the last days.
Genesis 49:2 Gather yourselves together, and hear, ye sons of Jacob; and hearken unto Israel your father. Assemble yourselves, and hear, ye sons of Jacob; And hearken unto Israel your father.Gather yourselves together, and hear, O ye sons of Jacob, hearken to Israel your father:  Assemble yourselves, and hear, ye sons of Jacob, And listen to Israel your father. Assemble yourselves, and hear, ye sons of Jacob; And hearken unto Israel your father. Assemble yourselves, and hear, ye sons of Jacob: and hearken to Israel your father. Assemble yourselves, and hear, you sons of Jacob. Listen to Israel, your father.'Be assembled, and hear, sons of Jacob, And hearken unto Israel your father.Gather yourselves together, and hear, you sons of Jacob; and listen to Israel your father.
Genesis 49:3 Reuben, thou art my firstborn, my might, and the beginning of my strength, the excellency of dignity, and the excellency of power: Reuben, thou art my first-born, my might, and the beginning of my strength; The pre-eminence of dignity, and the pre-eminence of power.Ruben, my firstborn, thou art my strength, and the beginning of my sorrow: excelling in gifts, greater in command. Reuben, thou art my firstborn, My might, and the firstfruits of my vigour: Excellency of dignity, and excellency of strength.Reuben, thou art my firstborn, my might, and the beginning of my strength; The excellency of dignity, and the excellency of power.Reuben, thou art my first-born, my might, and the beginning of my strength, the excellence of dignity, and the excellence of power: "Reuben, you are my firstborn, my might, and the beginning of my strength; excelling in dignity, and excelling in power.Reuben! my first-born thou, My power, and beginning of my strength, The abundance of exaltation, And the abundance of strength; Reuben, you are my firstborn, my might, and the beginning of my strength, the excellency of dignity, and the excellency of power: 
Genesis 49:4 Unstable as water, thou shalt not excel; because thou wentest up to thy father's bed; then defiledst thou it: he went up to my couch.Boiling over as water, thou shalt not have the pre-eminence; Because thou wentest up to thy father's bed; Then defiledst thou it: he went up to my couch. Thou art poured out as water, grow thou not: because thou wentest up to thy father's bed, and didst defile his couch. Impetuous as the waters, thou shalt have no pre-eminence; Because thou wentest up to thy father's couch: Then defiledst thou it: he went up to my bed.Unstable as water, thou shalt not have the excellency; Because thou wentest up to thy father's bed: Then defiledst thou it: he went up to my couch.Unstable as water, thou shalt not excel; because thou wentest up to thy father's bed; then defiledst thou it; he went up to my couch.Boiling over as water, you shall not excel; because you went up to your father's bed, then defiled it. He went up to my couch.Unstable as water, thou art not abundant; For thou hast gone up thy father's bed; Then thou hast polluted: My couch he went up! Unstable as water, you shall not excel; because you went up to your father's bed; then defiled you it: he went up to my couch.
Genesis 49:5 Simeon and Levi are brethren; instruments of cruelty are in their habitations. Simeon and Levi are brethren; Weapons of violence are their swords. Simeon and Levi brethren: vessels of iniquity, waging war. Simeon and Levi are brethren: Instruments of violence their swords. Simeon and Levi are brethren; Weapons of violence are their swords. Simeon and Levi are brethren: instruments of cruelty are in, their habitations."Simeon and Levi are brothers. Their swords are weapons of violence. Simeon and Levi are brethren! Instruments of violence &#8212; their espousals! Simeon and Levi are brothers; instruments of cruelty are in their habitations.
Genesis 49:6 O my soul, come not thou into their secret; unto their assembly, mine honour, be not thou united: for in their anger they slew a man, and in their selfwill they digged down a wall.O my soul, come not thou into their council; Unto their assembly, my glory, be not thou united; For in their anger they slew a man, And in their self-will they hocked an ox.Let not my soul go into their counsel, nor my glory be in their assembly: "be- cause in their fury they slew a man, and in their selfwill they undermined a wall. My soul, come not into their council; Mine honour, be not united with their assembly; For in their anger they slew men, And in their wantonness houghed oxen.O my soul, come not thou into their council; Unto their assembly, my glory, be not thou united; For in their anger they slew a man, And in their selfwill they houghed an ox.O my soul, come not thou into their secret; to their assembly, my honor, be not thou united: for in their anger they slew a man, and in their self-will they digged down a wall.My soul, don't come into their council. My glory, don't be united to their assembly; for in their anger they killed men. In their self-will they hamstrung cattle.Into their secret, come not, O my soul! Unto their assembly be not united, O mine honour; For in their anger they slew a man, And in their self-will eradicated a prince.O my soul, come not you into their secret; to their assembly, my honor, be not you united: for in their anger they slew a man, and in their self-will they dig down a wall.
Genesis 49:7 Cursed be their anger, for it was fierce; and their wrath, for it was cruel: I will divide them in Jacob, and scatter them in Israel.Cursed be their anger, for it was fierce; And their wrath, for it was cruel: I will divide them in Jacob, And scatter them in Israel.Cursed be their fury, because it was stubborn: and their wrath because it was cruel: I Will divide them in Jacob, and will scatter them in Israel. Cursed be their anger, for it was violent; And their rage, for it was cruel! I will divide them in Jacob, And scatter them in Israel.Cursed be their anger, for it was fierce; And their wrath, for it was cruel: I will divide them in Jacob, And scatter them in Israel.Cursed be their anger, for it was fierce: and their wrath, for it was cruel: I will divide them in Jacob, and scatter them in Israel.Cursed be their anger, for it was fierce; and their wrath, for it was cruel. I will divide them in Jacob, and scatter them in Israel.Cursed is their anger, for it is fierce, And their wrath, for it is sharp; I divide them in Jacob, And I scatter them in Israel.Cursed be their anger, for it was fierce; and their wrath, for it was cruel: I will divide them in Jacob, and scatter them in Israel.
Genesis 49:8 Judah, thou art he whom thy brethren shall praise: thy hand shall be in the neck of thine enemies; thy father's children shall bow down before thee.Judah, thee shall thy brethren praise: Thy hand shall be on the neck of thine enemies; Thy father's sons shall bow down before thee.Juda, thee shall thy brethren praise: thy hands shall be on the necks of thy enemies: the sons of thy father shall bow down to thee. Judah as to thee, thy brethren will praise thee; Thy hand will be upon the neck of thine enemies; Thy father's children will bow down to thee.Judah, thee shall thy brethren praise: Thy hand shall be on the neck of thine enemies; Thy father's sons shall bow down before thee.Judah, thou art he whom thy brethren shall praise; thy hand shall be on the neck of thy enemies: thy father's children shall bow down before thee."Judah, your brothers will praise you. Your hand will be on the neck of your enemies. Your father's sons will bow down before you.Judah! thou &#8212; thy brethren praise thee! Thy hand is on the neck of thine enemies, Sons of thy father bow themselves to thee.Judah, you are he whom your brothers shall praise: your hand shall be in the neck of your enemies; your father's children shall bow down before you.
Genesis 49:9 Judah is a lion's whelp: from the prey, my son, thou art gone up: he stooped down, he couched as a lion, and as an old lion; who shall rouse him up? Judah is a lion's whelp; From the prey, my son, thou art gone up: He stooped down, he couched as a lion, And as a lioness; who shall rouse him up? Juda is a lion's whelp: to the prey, my son, thou art gone up: resting thou hast couched as a lion, and as a lioness, who shall rouse him?  Judah is a young lion; From the prey, my son, thou art gone up. He stoopeth, he layeth himself down as a lion, And as a lioness: who will rouse him up? Judah is a lion's whelp; From the prey, my son, thou art gone up: He stooped down, he couched as a lion, And as a lioness; who shall rouse him up? Judah is a lion's whelp; from the prey, my son, thou hast gone up: he stooped down, he couched as a lion, and as an old lion: who shall rouse him up? Judah is a lion's cub. From the prey, my son, you have gone up. He stooped down, he crouched as a lion, as a lioness. Who will rouse him up? A lion's whelp is Judah, For prey, my son, thou hast gone up; He hath bent, he hath crouched as a lion, And as a lioness; who causeth him to arise? Judah is a lion's whelp: from the prey, my son, you are gone up: he stooped down, he couched as a lion, and as an old lion; who shall rouse him up? 
Genesis 49:10 The sceptre shall not depart from Judah, nor a lawgiver from between his feet, until Shiloh come; and unto him shall the gathering of the people be. The sceptre shall not depart from Judah, Nor the ruler's staff from between his feet, Until Shiloh come: And unto him shall the obedience of the peoples be. The sceptre shall not be taken away from Juda, nor a ruler from his thigh, till he come that is to be sent, and he shall be the expectation of nations. The scepter will not depart from Judah, Nor the lawgiver from between his feet, Until Shiloh come, And to him will be the obedience of peoples. The sceptre shall not depart from Judah, Nor the ruler's staff from between his feet, Until Shiloh come; And unto him shall the obedience of the peoples be. The scepter shall not depart from Judah, nor a lawgiver from between his feet, until Shiloh shall come: and to him shall be the gathering of the people. The scepter will not depart from Judah, nor the ruler's staff from between his feet, until he comes to whom it belongs. To him will the obedience of the peoples be. The sceptre turneth not aside from Judah, And a lawgiver from between his feet, Till his Seed come; And his is the obedience of peoples. The scepter shall not depart from Judah, nor a lawgiver from between his feet, until Shiloh come; and to him shall the gathering of the people be.
Genesis 49:11 Binding his foal unto the vine, and his ass's colt unto the choice vine; he washed his garments in wine, and his clothes in the blood of grapes: Binding his foal unto the vine, And his ass's colt unto the choice vine; He hath washed his garments in wine, And his vesture in the blood of grapes: Tying his foal to the vineyard, and his ass, 0 my son, to the vine. He shall wash his robe in wine, and his garment in the blood of the grape. He bindeth his foal to the vine, And his ass's colt to the choice vine; He washeth his dress in wine, And his garment in the blood of grapes.Binding his foal unto the vine, And his ass's colt unto the choice vine; He hath washed his garments in wine, And his vesture in the blood of grapes: Binding his foal to the vine, and his ass's colt to the choice vine; he washed his garments in wine, and his clothes in the blood of grapes: Binding his foal to the vine, his donkey's colt to the choice vine; he has washed his garments in wine, his robes in the blood of grapes.Binding to the vine his ass, And to the choice vine the colt of his ass, He hath washed in wine his clothing, And in the blood of grapes his covering; Binding his foal to the vine, and his ass's colt to the choice vine; he washed his garments in wine, and his clothes in the blood of grapes: 
Genesis 49:12 His eyes shall be red with wine, and his teeth white with milk.His eyes shall be red with wine, And his teeth white with milk.His eyes are more beautiful than wine, and his teeth whiter than milk. The eyes are red with wine, And the teeth are white with milk.His eyes shall be red with wine, And his teeth white with milk.His eyes shall be red with wine, and his teeth white with milk.His eyes will be red with wine, his teeth white with milk.Red are eyes with wine, And white are teeth with milk! His eyes shall be red with wine, and his teeth white with milk.
Genesis 49:13 Zebulun shall dwell at the haven of the sea; and he shall be for an haven of ships; and his border shall be unto Zidon.Zebulun shall dwell at the haven of the sea; And he shall be for a haven of ships; And his border shall be upon Sidon.Zabulon shall dwell on the sea shore, and in the road of ships, reaching as far as Sidon. Zebulun will dwell at the shore of the seas; Yea, he will be at the shore of the ships, And his side toucheth upon Sidon.Zebulun shall dwell at the haven of the sea: And he shall be for an haven of ships; And his border shall be upon Zidon.Zebulun shall dwell at the haven of the sea; and he shall be for a haven of ships; and his border shall be to Zidon."Zebulun will dwell at the haven of the sea. He will be for a haven of ships. His border will be on Sidon.Zebulun at a haven of the seas doth dwell, And he is for a haven of ships; And his side is unto Zidon.Zebulun shall dwell at the haven of the sea; and he shall be for an haven of ships; and his border shall be to Zidon.
Genesis 49:14 Issachar is a strong ass couching down between two burdens: Issachar is a strong ass, Couching down between the sheepfolds: Issachar shall be a strong ass lying down between the borders. Issachar is a bony ass, Crouching down between two hurdles.Issachar is a strong ass, Couching down between the sheepfolds: Issachar is a strong ass, couching down between two burdens: "Issachar is a strong donkey, lying down between the saddlebags.Issacher is a strong ass, Crouching between the two folds; Issachar is a strong ass couching down between two burdens: 
Genesis 49:15 And he saw that rest was good, and the land that it was pleasant; and bowed his shoulder to bear, and became a servant unto tribute. And he saw a resting-place that it was good, And the land that it was pleasant; And he bowed his shoulder to bear, And became a servant under taskwork.He saw rest that it was good: and the land that it was excellent: and he bowed his shoulder to carry, and became a servant under tribute. And he saw the rest that it was good, And the land that it was pleasant; And he bowed his shoulder to bear, And was a tributary servant. And he saw a resting place that it was good, And the land that it was pleasant; And he bowed his shoulder to bear, And became a servant under taskwork. And he saw that rest was good, and the land that it was pleasant; and bowed his shoulder to bear, and became a servant to tribute.He saw a resting place, that it was good, the land, that it was pleasant. He bows his shoulder to the burden, and becomes a servant doing forced labor. And he seeth rest that it is good, And the land that it is pleasant, And he inclineth his shoulder to bear, And is to tribute a servant. And he saw that rest was good, and the land that it was pleasant; and bowed his shoulder to bear, and became a servant to tribute.
Genesis 49:16 Dan shall judge his people, as one of the tribes of Israel.Dan shall judge his people, As one of the tribes of Israel.Dan shall judge his people like an- other tribe in Israel. Dan will judge his people, As another of the tribes of Israel.Dan shall judge his people, As one of the tribes of Israel.Dan shall judge his people, as one of the tribes of Israel."Dan will judge his people, as one of the tribes of Israel.Dan doth judge his people, As one of the tribes of Israel; Dan shall judge his people, as one of the tribes of Israel.
Genesis 49:17 Dan shall be a serpent by the way, an adder in the path, that biteth the horse heels, so that his rider shall fall backward.Dan shall be a serpent in the way, An adder in the path, That biteth the horse's heels, So that his rider falleth backward.Let Dan be a snake in the way, a serpent in the path, that biteth the horse's heels that his rider may fall backward. Dan will be a serpent on the way, A horned snake on the path, Which biteth the horse's heels, So that the rider falleth backwards.Dan shall be a serpent in the way, An adder in the path, That biteth the horse's heels, So that his rider falleth backward.Dan shall be a serpent by the way, an adder in the path, that biteth the horse-heels, so that his rider shall fall backward.Dan will be a serpent in the way, an adder in the path, That bites the horse's heels, so that his rider falls backward.Dan is a serpent by the way, An adder by the path, Which is biting the horse's heels, And its rider falleth backward.Dan shall be a serpent by the way, an adder in the path, that bites the horse heels, so that his rider shall fall backward.
Genesis 49:18 I have waited for thy salvation, O LORD.I have waited for thy salvation, O Jehovah.I will look for thy salvation, 0 Lord. I wait for thy salvation, O Jehovah.I have waited for thy salvation, O LORD.I have waited for thy salvation O LORD.I have waited for your salvation, Yahweh.For Thy salvation I have waited, Jehovah! I have waited for your salvation, O LORD.
Genesis 49:19 Gad, a troop shall overcome him: but he shall overcome at the last.Gad, a troop shall press upon him; But he shall press upon their heel.Gad, being girded, shall fight before him: and he himself shall be girded backward. Gad troops will rush upon him; But he will rush upon the heel.Gad, a troop shall press upon him: But he shall press upon their heel.Gad, a troop shall overcome him: but he shall overcome at the last."A troop will press on Gad, but he will press on their heel.Gad! a troop assaulteth him, But he assaulteth last.Gad, a troop shall overcome him: but he shall overcome at the last.
Genesis 49:20 Out of Asher his bread shall be fat, and he shall yield royal dainties.Out of the Asher his bread shall be fat, And he shall yield royal dainties. Aser, his bread shall be fat, and he shall yield dainties to kings. Out of Asher, his bread shall be fat, And he will give royal dainties.Out of Asher his bread shall be fat, And he shall yield royal dainties.Out of Asher his bread shall be fat, and he shall yield royal dainties."Asher's food will be rich. He will yield royal dainties.Out of Asher his bread is fat; And he giveth dainties of a king.Out of Asher his bread shall be fat, and he shall yield royal dainties.
Genesis 49:21 Naphtali is a hind let loose: he giveth goodly words.Naphtali is a hind let loose: He giveth goodly words.Nephtali, a hart let loose, and giving words of beauty. Naphtali is a hind let loose; He giveth goodly words.Naphtali is a hind let loose: He giveth goodly words.Naphtali is a hind let loose: he giveth goodly words."Naphtali is a doe set free, who bears beautiful fawns.Naphtali is a hind sent away, Who is giving beauteous young ones.Naphtali is a hind let loose: he gives goodly words.
Genesis 49:22 Joseph is a fruitful bough, even a fruitful bough by a well; whose branches run over the wall: Joseph is a fruitful bough, A fruitful bough by a fountain; His branches run over the wall.Joseph is a growing son, a growing son and comely to behold; the daughters run to and fro upon the wall. Joseph is a fruitful bough; A fruitful bough by a well; His branches shoot over the wall.Joseph is a fruitful bough, A fruitful bough by a fountain; His branches run over the wall.Joseph is a fruitful bough, even a fruitful bough by a well; whose branches run over the wall: "Joseph is a fruitful vine, a fruitful vine by a spring. His branches run over the wall.Joseph is a fruitful son; A fruitful son by a fountain, Daughters step over the wall; Joseph is a fruitful bough, even a fruitful bough by a well; whose branches run over the wall: 
Genesis 49:23 The archers have sorely grieved him, and shot at him, and hated him: The archers have sorely grieved him, And shot at him, and persecute him: But they that held darts provoked him, and quarrelled with him, and envied him. The archers have provoked him, And shot at, and hated him; The archers have sorely grieved him, And shot at him, and persecuted him: The archers have sorely grieved him, and shot at him, and hated him: The archers have severely grieved him, shot at him, and persecute him: And embitter him &#8212; yea, they have striven, Yea, hate him do archers; The archers have sorely grieved him, and shot at him, and hated him: 
Genesis 49:24 But his bow abode in strength, and the arms of his hands were made strong by the hands of the mighty God of Jacob; (from thence is the shepherd, the stone of Israel:) But his bow abode in strength, And the arms of his hands were made strong, By the hands of the Mighty One of Jacob, (From thence is the shepherd, the stone of Israel), His bow rested upon the strong, and the bands of his arms and his hands were loosed, by the hands of the mighty one of Jacob: thence he came forth a pastor, the stone of Israel. But his bow abideth firm, And the arms of his hands are supple By the hands of the Mighty One of Jacob. From thence is the shepherd, the stone of Israel: But his bow abode in strength, And the arms of his hands were made strong, By the hands of the Mighty One of Jacob, (From thence is the shepherd, the stone of Israel,) But his bow abode in strength, and the arms of his hands were made strong by the hands of the mighty God of Jacob: from thence is the shepherd the stone of Israel: But his bow remained strong. The arms of his hands were made strong, by the hands of the Mighty One of Jacob, (from there is the shepherd, the stone of Israel), And his bow abideth in strength, And strengthened are the arms of his hands By the hands of the Mighty One of Jacob, Whence is a shepherd, a son of Israel.But his bow stayed in strength, and the arms of his hands were made strong by the hands of the mighty God of Jacob; (from there is the shepherd, the stone of Israel:) 
Genesis 49:25 Even by the God of thy father, who shall help thee; and by the Almighty, who shall bless thee with blessings of heaven above, blessings of the deep that lieth under, blessings of the breasts, and of the womb: Even by the God of thy father, who shall help thee, And by the Almighty, who shall bless thee, With blessings of heaven above, Blessings of the deep that coucheth beneath, Blessings of the breasts, and of the womb. The God of thy father shall be thy helper, and the Almighty shall bless thee with the blessings of heaven above, with the blessings of the deep that lieth be- neath, with the blessings of the breasts and of the womb. From the God of thy father, and he will help thee; And from the Almighty, and he will bless thee With blessings of heaven from above, With blessings of the deep that lieth under, With blessings of the breast and of the womb.Even by the God of thy father, who shall help thee, And by the Almighty, who shall bless thee, With blessings of heaven above, Blessings of the deep that coucheth beneath, Blessings of the breasts, and of the womb.Even by the God of thy father, who shall help thee, and by the Almighty, who shall bless thee with blessings of heaven above, blessings of the deep that lieth beneath, blessings of the breasts, and of the womb: even by the God of your father, who will help you; by the Almighty, who will bless you, with blessings of heaven above, blessings of the deep that lies below, blessings of the breasts, and of the womb.By the God of thy father who helpeth thee, And the Mighty One who blesseth thee, Blessings of the heavens from above, Blessings of the deep lying under, Blessings of breasts and womb; &#8212;  Even by the God of your father, who shall help you; and by the Almighty, who shall bless you with blessings of heaven above, blessings of the deep that lies under, blessings of the breasts, and of the womb: 
Genesis 49:26 The blessings of thy father have prevailed above the blessings of my progenitors unto the utmost bound of the everlasting hills: they shall be on the head of Joseph, and on the crown of the head of him that was separate from his brethren. The blessings of thy father Have prevailed above the blessings of my progenitors Unto the utmost bound of the everlasting hills: They shall be on the head of Joseph, And on the crown of the head of him that was separate from his brethren. The blessings of thy father are strengthened with the blessings of his fathers: until the desire of the everlasting hills should come; may they be upon the head of Joseph, and upon the crown of the Nazarite among his brethren. The blessings of thy father surpass the blessings of my ancestors, Unto the bounds of the everlasting hills: They shall be on the head of Joseph, And on the crown of the head of him that was separated from his brethren. The blessings of thy father Have prevailed above the blessings of my progenitors Unto the utmost bound of the everlasting hills: They shall be on the head of Joseph, And on the crown of the head of him that was separate from his brethren. The blessings of thy father have prevailed above the blessings of my progenitors to the utmost bound of the everlasting hills; they shall be on the head of Joseph, and on the crown of the head of him that was separate from his brethren. The blessings of your father have prevailed above the blessings of your ancestors, above the boundaries of the ancient hills. They will be on the head of Joseph, on the crown of the head of him who is separated from his brothers. Thy father's blessings have been mighty Above the blessings of my progenitors, Unto the limit of the heights age-during They are for the head of Joseph, And for the crown of the one Separate from his brethren. The blessings of your father have prevailed above the blessings of my progenitors to the utmost bound of the everlasting hills: they shall be on the head of Joseph, and on the crown of the head of him that was separate from his brothers.
Genesis 49:27 Benjamin shall ravin as a wolf: in the morning he shall devour the prey, and at night he shall divide the spoil.Benjamin is a wolf that raveneth: In the morning she shall devour the prey, And at even he shall divide the spoil.Benjamin a ravenous wolf, in the morning shall eat the prey, and in the evening shall divide the spoil. Benjamin as a wolf will he tear to pieces; In the morning he will devour the prey, And in the evening he will divide the booty.Benjamin is a wolf that ravineth: In the morning he shall devour the prey, And at even he shall divide the spoil.Benjamin shall raven as a wolf: in the morning he shall devour the prey, and at night he shall divide the spoil."Benjamin is a ravenous wolf. In the morning he will devour the prey. At evening he will divide the spoil." Benjamin! a wolf teareth; In the morning he eateth prey, And at evening he apportioneth spoil.' Benjamin shall shred as a wolf: in the morning he shall devour the prey, and at night he shall divide the spoil.
Genesis 49:28 All these are the twelve tribes of Israel: and this is it that their father spake unto them, and blessed them; every one according to his blessing he blessed them. All these are the twelve tribes of Israel: and this is it that their father spake unto them and blessed them; every one according to his blessing he blessed them. All these are the twelve tribes of Israel: these things their father spoke to them, and he blessed every one, with their proper blessings. All these are the twelve tribes of Israel, and this is what their father spoke to them; and he blessed them: every one according to his blessing he blessed them. All these are the twelve tribes of Israel: and this is it that their father spake unto them and blessed them; every one according to his blessing he blessed them. All these are the twelve tribes of Israel: and this is it which their father spoke to them, and blessed them; every one according to his blessing he blessed them. All these are the twelve tribes of Israel, and this is what their father spoke to them and blessed them. He blessed everyone according to his blessing. All these are the twelve tribes of Israel, and this is that which their father hath spoken unto them, and he blesseth them; each according to his blessing he hath blessed them. All these are the twelve tribes of Israel: and this is it that their father spoke to them, and blessed them; every one according to his blessing he blessed them.
Genesis 49:29 And he charged them, and said unto them, I am to be gathered unto my people: bury me with my fathers in the cave that is in the field of Ephron the Hittite, And he charged them, and said unto them, I am to be gathered unto my people: bury me with my fathers in the cave that is in the field of Ephron the Hittite, And he charged them, saying: I am now going to be gathered to my people : bury me with my fathers in the double cave, which is in the field of Ephron the Hethite,  And he charged them, and said to them, I am gathered to my people: bury me with my fathers in the cave that is in the field of Ephron the Hittite, And he charged them, and said unto them, I am to be gathered unto my people: bury me with my fathers in the cave that is in the field of Ephron the Hittite, And he charged them, and said to them, I am to be gathered to my people: bury me with my fathers in the cave that is in the field of Ephron the Hittite.He instructed them, and said to them, "I am to be gathered to my people. Bury me with my fathers in the cave that is in the field of Ephron the Hittite, And he commandeth them, and saith unto them, 'I am being gathered unto my people; bury me by my fathers, at the cave which is in the field of Ephron the Hittite; And he charged them, and said to them, I am to be gathered to my people: bury me with my fathers in the cave that is in the field of Ephron the Hittite, 
Genesis 49:30 In the cave that is in the field of Machpelah, which is before Mamre, in the land of Canaan, which Abraham bought with the field of Ephron the Hittite for a possession of a buryingplace.in the cave that is in the field of Machpelah, which is before Mamre, in the land of Canaan, which Abraham bought with the field from Ephron the Hittite for a possession of a burying-place.Over against Mambre in the land of Chanaan, which Abraham bought to- gather with the field of Ephron the Hethite for a possession to bury in. in the cave that is in the field of Machpelah, which is opposite to Mamre, in the land of Canaan, which Abraham bought of Ephron the Hittite along with the field for a possession of a sepulchre.in the cave that is in the field of Machpelah, which is before Mamre, in the land of Canaan, which Abraham bought with the field from Ephron the Hittite for a possession of a buryingplace: In the cave that is in the field of Machpelah, which is before Mamre, in the land of Canaan, which Abraham bought with the field of Ephron the Hittite for a possession of a burying-place.in the cave that is in the field of Machpelah, which is before Mamre, in the land of Canaan, which Abraham bought with the field from Ephron the Hittite as a burial place.in the cave which is in the field of Machpelah, which is on the front of Mamre, in the land of Canaan, which Abraham bought with the field from Ephron the Hittite for a possession of a burying-place; In the cave that is in the field of Machpelah, which is before Mamre, in the land of Canaan, which Abraham bought with the field of Ephron the Hittite for a possession of a burial plot.
Genesis 49:31 There they buried Abraham and Sarah his wife; there they buried Isaac and Rebekah his wife; and there I buried Leah. There they buried Abraham and Sarah his wife; there they buried Isaac and Rebekah his wife; and there I buried Leah: There they buried him, and Sara his wife: there was Isaac buried with Rebecca his wife: there also Lia doth lie buried. There they buried Abraham and Sarah his wife; there they buried Isaac and Rebecca his wife; and there I buried Leah. There they buried Abraham and Sarah his wife; there they buried Isaac and Rebekah his wife; and there I buried Leah: (There they buried Abraham and Sarah his wife; there they buried Isaac and Rebekah his wife; and there I buried Leah,) There they buried Abraham and Sarah, his wife. There they buried Isaac and Rebekah, his wife, and there I buried Leah: (there they buried Abraham and Sarah his wife; there they buried Isaac and Rebekah his wife; and there I buried Leah); There they buried Abraham and Sarah his wife; there they buried Isaac and Rebekah his wife; and there I buried Leah.
Genesis 49:32 The purchase of the field and of the cave that is therein was from the children of Heth. The field and the cave that is therein, which was purchased from the children of Heth. The purchase of the field, and of the cave that is in it, was from the children of Heth. The field and the cave that is therein, which was purchased from the children of Heth. The purchase of the field and of the cave that is in it, was from the children of Heth. The field and the cave that is therein, which was purchased from the children of Heth." the purchase of the field and of the cave which is in it, is from Sons of Heth.' The purchase of the field and of the cave that is therein was from the children of Heth.
Genesis 49:33 And when Jacob had made an end of commanding his sons, he gathered up his feet into the bed, and yielded up the ghost, and was gathered unto his people. And when Jacob made an end of charging his sons, he gathered up his feet into the bed, and yielded up the ghost, and was gathered unto his people. And when he had ended the commandments, wherewith he instructed his sons, he drew up his feet upon the bed, and died: and he was gathered to his people."  And when Jacob had made an end of commanding his sons, he gathered his feet into the bed, and expired, and was gathered to his peoples. And when Jacob made an end of charging his sons, he gathered up his feet into the bed, and yielded up the ghost, and was gathered unto his people. And when Jacob had made an end of commanding his sons, he drew his feet into the bed, and expired, and was gathered to his people.When Jacob made an end of charging his sons, he gathered up his feet into the bed, and yielded up the spirit, and was gathered to his people. And Jacob finisheth commanding his sons, and gathereth up his feet unto the bed, and expireth, and is gathered unto his people. And when Jacob had made an end of commanding his sons, he gathered up his feet into the bed, and yielded up the ghost, and was gathered to his people.
Genesis 50:1 And Joseph fell upon his father's face, and wept upon him, and kissed him. And Joseph fell upon his father's face, and wept upon him, and kissed him. And when Joseph saw this, he fell upon his father's face weeping and kissing him. And Joseph fell upon his father's face, and wept upon him, and kissed him. And Joseph fell upon his father's face, and wept upon him, and kissed him. And Joseph fell upon his father's face, and wept upon him, and kissed him.Joseph fell on his father's face, wept on him, and kissed him. And Joseph falleth on his father's face, and weepeth over him, and kisseth him; And Joseph fell on his father's face, and wept on him, and kissed him.
Genesis 50:2 And Joseph commanded his servants the physicians to embalm his father: and the physicians embalmed Israel. And Joseph commanded his servants the physicians to embalm his father: and the physicians embalmed Israel. And he commanded his servants the physicians to embalm his father. And Joseph commanded his servants the physicians to embalm his father. And the physicians embalmed Israel. And Joseph commanded his servants the physicians to embalm his father: and the physicians embalmed Israel. And Joseph commanded his servants the physicians to embalm his father: and the physicians embalmed Israel.Joseph commanded his servants, the physicians, to embalm his father; and the physicians embalmed Israel. And Joseph commandeth his servants, the physicians, to embalm his father, and the physicians embalm Israel; And Joseph commanded his servants the physicians to embalm his father: and the physicians embalmed Israel.
Genesis 50:3 And forty days were fulfilled for him; for so are fulfilled the days of those which are embalmed: and the Egyptians mourned for him threescore and ten days. And forty days were fulfilled for him; for so are fulfilled the days of embalming: and the Egyptians wept for him three-score and ten days. And while they were fulfilling his commands, there passed forty days: for this was the manner with bodies that were embalmed, and Egypt mounted for him seventy days. And forty days were fulfilled for him; for so are fulfilled the days of those who are embalmed. And the Egyptians mourned for him seventy days. And forty days were fulfilled for him; for so are fulfilled the days of embalming: and the Egyptians wept for him threescore and ten days. And forty days were fulfilled for him; (for so are fulfilled the days of those who are embalmed:) and the Egyptians mourned for him seventy days.Forty days were fulfilled for him, for that is how many the days it takes to embalm. The Egyptians wept for him for seventy days. And they fulfil for him forty days, for so they fulfil the days of the embalmed, and the Egyptians weep for him seventy days. And forty days were fulfilled for him; for so are fulfilled the days of those which are embalmed: and the Egyptians mourned for him three score and ten days.
Genesis 50:4 And when the days of his mourning were past, Joseph spake unto the house of Pharaoh, saying, If now I have found grace in your eyes, speak, I pray you, in the ears of Pharaoh, saying, And when the days of weeping for him were past, Joseph spake unto the house of Pharaoh, saying, If now I have found favor in your eyes, speak, I pray you, in the ears of Pharaoh, saying, And the time of the mourning being expired, Joseph spoke to the family of Pharao: If I have found favour in your sight, speak in the ears of Pharao:  And when the days of his mourning were past, Joseph spoke to the house of Pharaoh, saying, If now I have found favour in your eyes, speak, I pray you, in the ears of Pharaoh, saying, And when the days of weeping for him were past, Joseph spake unto the house of Pharaoh, saying, If now I have found grace in your eyes, speak, I pray you, in the ears of Pharaoh, saying, And when the days of his mourning were past, Joseph spoke to the house of Pharaoh, saying, If now I have found grace in your eyes, speak, I pray you, in the ears of Pharaoh, saying, When the days of weeping for him were past, Joseph spoke to the house of Pharaoh, saying, "If now I have found favor in your eyes, please speak in the ears of Pharaoh, saying, And the days of his weeping pass away, and Joseph speaketh unto the house of Pharaoh, saying, 'If, I pray you, I have found grace in your eyes, speak, I pray you, in the ears of Pharaoh, saying, And when the days of his mourning were past, Joseph spoke to the house of Pharaoh, saying, If now I have found grace in your eyes, speak, I pray you, in the ears of Pharaoh, saying, 
Genesis 50:5 My father made me swear, saying, Lo, I die: in my grave which I have digged for me in the land of Canaan, there shalt thou bury me. Now therefore let me go up, I pray thee, and bury my father, and I will come again.My father made me swear, saying, Lo, I die: in my grave which I have digged for me in the land of Canaan, there shalt thou bury me. Now therefore let me go up, I pray thee, and bury my father, and I will come again.For my father made me swear to him, saying: Behold I die: thou shalt bury me in my sepulchre which I have digged for myself in the land of Chanaan. So I will go up and bury my father, and return. My father made me swear, saying, Behold, I die; in my grave which I have dug myself in the land of Canaan, there shalt thou bury me. And now, let me go up, I pray thee, that I may bury my father; and I will come again.My father made me swear, saying, Lo, I die: in my grave which I have digged for me in the land of Canaan, there shalt thou bury me. Now therefore let me go up, I pray thee, and bury my father, and I will come again.My father made me swear, saying, Lo, I die: in my grave which I have digged for me in the land of Canaan, there shalt thou bury me. Now therefore let me go, I pray thee, and bury my father, and I will come again.'My father made me swear, saying, "Behold, I am dying. Bury me in my grave which I have dug for myself in the land of Canaan." Now therefore, please let me go up and bury my father, and I will come again.'" My father caused me to swear, saying, Lo, I am dying; in my burying-place which I have prepared for myself in the land of Canaan, there dost thou bury me; and now, let me go up, I pray thee, and bury my father, and return;' My father made me swear, saying, See, I die: in my grave which I have dig for me in the land of Canaan, there shall you bury me. Now therefore let me go up, I pray you, and bury my father, and I will come again.
Genesis 50:6 And Pharaoh said, Go up, and bury thy father, according as he made thee swear. And Pharaoh said, Go up, and bury thy father, according as he made thee swear. And Pharao said to him: Go up and bury thy father according as he made thee swear. And Pharaoh said, Go up and bury thy father, according as he made thee swear. And Pharaoh said, Go up, and bury thy father, according as he made thee swear. And Pharaoh said, Go up, and bury thy father, according as he made thee swear.Pharaoh said, "Go up, and bury your father, just like he made you swear." and Pharaoh saith, 'Go up and bury thy father, as he caused thee to swear.' And Pharaoh said, Go up, and bury your father, according as he made you swear.
Genesis 50:7 And Joseph went up to bury his father: and with him went up all the servants of Pharaoh, the elders of his house, and all the elders of the land of Egypt, And Joseph went up to bury his father; and with him went up all the servants of Pharaoh, the elders of his house, and all the elders of the land of Egypt, So he went up, and there went with him all the ancients of Pharao's house, and all the elders of the land of Egypt,  And Joseph went up to bury his father; and with him went up all the bondmen of Pharaoh, the elders of his house, and all the elders of the land of Egypt, And Joseph went up to bury his father: and with him went up all the servants of Pharaoh, the elders of his house, and all the elders of the land of Egypt, And Joseph went up to bury his father: and with him went all the servants of Pharaoh, the elders of his house, and all the elders of the land of Egypt, Joseph went up to bury his father; and with him went up all the servants of Pharaoh, the elders of his house, all the elders of the land of Egypt, And Joseph goeth up to bury his father, and go up with him do all the servants of Pharaoh, elders of his house, and all the elders of the land of Egypt, And Joseph went up to bury his father: and with him went up all the servants of Pharaoh, the elders of his house, and all the elders of the land of Egypt, 
Genesis 50:8 And all the house of Joseph, and his brethren, and his father's house: only their little ones, and their flocks, and their herds, they left in the land of Goshen. And all the house of Joseph, and his brethren, and his father's house: only their little ones, and their flocks, and their herds, they left in the land of Goshen. And the house of Joseph with his brethren, except their children, and their flocks and herds, which they left in the land of Gessen. and all the house of Joseph, and his brethren, and his father's house; only their little ones, and their flocks, and their herds, they left in the land of Goshen. And all the house of Joseph, and his brethren, and his father's house: only their little ones, and their flocks, and their herds, they left in the land of Goshen. And all the house of Joseph, and his brethren, and his father's house: only their little ones, and their flocks, and their herds they left in the land of Goshen. All the house of Joseph, his brothers, and his father's house. Only their little ones, their flocks, and their herds, they left in the land of Goshen. And all the house of Joseph, and his brethren, and the house of his father; only their infants, and their flock, and their herd, have they left in the land of Goshen; And all the house of Joseph, and his brothers, and his father's house: only their little ones, and their flocks, and their herds, they left in the land of Goshen.
Genesis 50:9 And there went up with him both chariots and horsemen: and it was a very great company. And there went up with him both chariots and horsemen: and it was a very great company.He had also in his train chariots and horsemen: and it was it great company. And there went up with him both chariots and horsemen; and the camp was very great. And there went up with him both chariots and horsemen: and it was a very great company. And there went with him both chariots and horsemen: and it was a very great company. There went up with him both chariots and horsemen. It was a very great company. And there go up with him both chariot and horsemen, and the camp is very great. And there went up with him both chariots and horsemen: and it was a very great company.
Genesis 50:10 And they came to the threshingfloor of Atad, which is beyond Jordan, and there they mourned with a great and very sore lamentation: and he made a mourning for his father seven days. And they came to the threshing-floor of Atad, which is beyond the Jordan, and there they lamented with a very great and sore lamentation: and he made a mourning for his father seven days. And they came to the threshingfloor of Atad, which is situated beyond the Jordan: where celebrating the exequies with a great and vehement lamentation, they spent full seven days. And they came to the threshing-floor of Atad, which is beyond the Jordan; and there they lamented with a great and very grievous lamentation; and he made a mourning for his father of seven days. And they came to the threshing-floor of Atad, which is beyond Jordan, and there they lamented with a very great and sore lamentation: and he made a mourning for his father seven days. And they came to the threshing-floor of Atad, which is beyond Jordan, and there they mourned with a great and very sore lamentation: and he made a mourning for his father seven days. They came to the threshing floor of Atad, which is beyond the Jordan, and there they lamented with a very great and severe lamentation. He mourned for his father seven days. And they come unto the threshing-floor of Atad, which is beyond the Jordan, and they lament there, a lamentation great and very grievous; and he maketh for his father a mourning seven days, And they came to the threshing floor of Atad, which is beyond Jordan, and there they mourned with a great and very sore lamentation: and he made a mourning for his father seven days.
Genesis 50:11 And when the inhabitants of the land, the Canaanites, saw the mourning in the floor of Atad, they said, This is a grievous mourning to the Egyptians: wherefore the name of it was called Abelmizraim, which is beyond Jordan. And when the inhabitants of the land, the Canaanites, saw the mourning in the floor of Atad, they said, This is a grievous mourning to the Egyptians: wherefore the name of it was called Abel-mizraim, which is beyond the Jordan. And when the inhabitants of Chanaan saw this, they said: This is a great mourning to the Egyptians. And there- fore the name of that place was called, The mourning of Egypt. And the inhabitants of the land, the Canaanites, saw the mourning at the threshing-floor of Atad, and they said, This is a grievous mourning of the Egyptians. Therefore the name of it was called Abel-Mizraim, which is beyond the Jordan. And when the inhabitants of the land, the Canaanites, saw the mourning in the floor of Atad, they said, This is a grievous mourning to the Egyptians: wherefore the name of it was called Abel-mizraim, which is beyond Jordan. And when the inhabitants of the land, the Canaanites, saw the mourning in the floor of Atad, they said, This is a grievous mourning to the Egyptians: wherefore the name of it was called Abel-mizraim, which is beyond Jordan.When the inhabitants of the land, the Canaanites, saw the mourning in the floor of Atad, they said, "This is a grievous mourning by the Egyptians." Therefore, its name was called Abel Mizraim, which is beyond the Jordan. And the inhabitant of the land, the Canaanite, see the mourning in the threshing-floor of Atad, and say, 'A grievous mourning is this to the Egyptians;' therefore hath one called its name 'The mourning of the Egyptians,' which is beyond the Jordan. And when the inhabitants of the land, the Canaanites, saw the mourning in the floor of Atad, they said, This is a grievous mourning to the Egyptians: why the name of it was called Abelmizraim, which is beyond Jordan.
Genesis 50:12 And his sons did unto him according as he commanded them: And his sons did unto him according as he commanded them: So the sons of Jacob did as he had commanded them. And his sons did to him according as he had commanded them; And his sons did unto him according as he commanded them: And his sons did to him according as he commanded them: His sons did to him just as he commanded them, And his sons do to him so as he commanded them, And his sons did to him according as he commanded them: 
Genesis 50:13 For his sons carried him into the land of Canaan, and buried him in the cave of the field of Machpelah, which Abraham bought with the field for a possession of a buryingplace of Ephron the Hittite, before Mamre.for his sons carried him into the land of Canaan, and buried him in the cave of the field of Machpelah, which Abraham bought with the field, for a possession of a burying-place, of Ephron the Hittite, before Mamre. And carrying him into the land of Chanaan, they buried him in the double cave which Abraham had bought together with the held for a possession of a buryingplace, of Ephron the Hethite over against Mambre. and his sons carried him into the land of Canaan, and buried him in the cave of the field of Machpelah which Abraham had bought along with the field, for a possession of a sepulchre, of Ephron the Hittite, opposite to Mamre.for his sons carried him into the land of Canaan, and buried him in the cave of the field of Machpelah, which Abraham bought with the field, for a possession of a buryingplace, of Ephron the Hittite, before Mamre.For his sons carried him into the land of Canaan, and buried him in the cave of the field of Machpelah, which Abraham bought with the field for a possession of a burying-place of Ephron the Hittite, before Mamre.for his sons carried him into the land of Canaan, and buried him in the cave of the field of Machpelah, which Abraham bought with the field, for a possession of a burial site, from Ephron the Hittite, before Mamre. And his sons bear him away to the land of Canaan, and bury him in the cave of the field of Machpelah, which Abraham bought with the field for a possession of a burying-place, from Ephron the Hittite, on the front of Mamre.For his sons carried him into the land of Canaan, and buried him in the cave of the field of Machpelah, which Abraham bought with the field for a possession of a burial plot of Ephron the Hittite, before Mamre.
Genesis 50:14 And Joseph returned into Egypt, he, and his brethren, and all that went up with him to bury his father, after he had buried his father. And Joseph returned into Egypt, he, and his brethren, and all that went up with him to bury his father, after he had buried his father. And Joseph returned into Egypt with his brethren, and all that were in his company, after he had buried his father. And, after he had buried his father, Joseph returned to Egypt, he and his brethren, and all that had gone up with him to bury his father. And Joseph returned into Egypt, he, and his brethren, and all that went up with him to bury his father, after he had buried his father. And Joseph returned to Egypt, he and his brethren, and all that went up with him to bury his father, after he had buried his father.Joseph returned into Egypt&#8212;he, and his brothers, and all that went up with him to bury his father, after he had buried his father. And Joseph turneth back to Egypt, he and his brethren, and all who are going up with him to bury his father, after his burying his father. And Joseph returned into Egypt, he, and his brothers, and all that went up with him to bury his father, after he had buried his father.
Genesis 50:15 And when Joseph's brethren saw that their father was dead, they said, Joseph will peradventure hate us, and will certainly requite us all the evil which we did unto him. And when Joseph's brethren saw that their father was dead, they said, It may be that Joseph will hate us, and will fully requite us all the evil which we did unto him.Now he being dead, his brethren were afraid, and talked one with another : Lest perhaps he should remember the wrong he suffered, and requite us all the evil that we did to him. And when Joseph's brethren saw that their father was dead, they said, If now Joseph should be hostile to us, and should indeed requite us all the evil that we did to him! And when Joseph's brethren saw that their father was dead, they said, It may be that Joseph will hate us, and will fully requite us all the evil which we did unto him. And when Joseph's brethren saw that their father was dead, they said, Joseph will perhaps hate us, and will certainly requite us all the evil which we did to him.When Joseph's brothers saw that their father was dead, they said, "It may be that Joseph will hate us, and will fully pay us back for all of the evil which we did to him." And the brethren of Joseph see that their father is dead, and say, 'Peradventure Joseph doth hate us, and doth certainly return to us all the evil which we did with him.' And when Joseph's brothers saw that their father was dead, they said, Joseph will peradventure hate us, and will certainly requite us all the evil which we did to him.
Genesis 50:16 And they sent a messenger unto Joseph, saying, Thy father did command before he died, saying, And they sent a message unto Joseph, saying, Thy father did command before he died, saying, And they sent a message to him, saying: Thy father commanded us before he died,  And they sent a messenger to Joseph, saying, Thy father commanded before he died, saying, And they sent a message unto Joseph, saying, Thy father did command before he died, saying, And they sent messengers to Joseph, saying, Thy father commanded before he died, saying, They sent a message to Joseph, saying, "Your father commanded before he died, saying, And they give a charge for Joseph, saying, 'Thy father commanded before his death, saying, And they sent a messenger to Joseph, saying, Your father did command before he died, saying, 
Genesis 50:17 So shall ye say unto Joseph, Forgive, I pray thee now, the trespass of thy brethren, and their sin; for they did unto thee evil: and now, we pray thee, forgive the trespass of the servants of the God of thy father. And Joseph wept when they spake unto him. So shall ye say unto Joseph, Forgive, I pray thee now, the transgression of thy brethren, and their sin, for that they did unto thee evil. And now, we pray thee, forgive the transgression of the servants of the God of thy father. And Joseph wept when they spake unto him. That we should say thus much to thee from him: I beseech thee to forget the wickedness of thy brethren, and the sin and malice they practiced against thee: we also pray thee, to forgive the servants of the God of thy father this wickedness. And when Joseph heard this, he wept. Thus shall ye speak to Joseph: Oh forgive, I pray thee, the transgression of thy brethren, and their sin! for they did evil to thee. And now, we pray thee, forgive the transgression of the servants of the God of thy father. And Joseph wept when they spoke to him. So shall ye say unto Joseph, Forgive, I pray thee now, the transgression of thy brethren, and their sin, for that they did unto thee evil: and now, we pray thee, forgive the transgression of the servants of the God of thy father. And Joseph wept when they spake unto him. So shall ye say to Joseph, Forgive, I pray thee now, the trespass of thy brethren, and their sin; for they did to thee evil: and now, we pray thee, forgive the trespass of the servants of the God of thy father. And Joseph wept when they spoke to him.'You shall tell Joseph, "Now please forgive the disobedience of your brothers, and their sin, because they did evil to you."' Now, please forgive the disobedience of the servants of the God of your father." Joseph wept when they spoke to him. Thus ye do say to Joseph, I pray thee, bear, I pray thee, with the transgression of thy brethren, and their sin, for they have done thee evil; and now, bear, we pray thee, with the transgression of the servants of the God of thy father;' and Joseph weepeth in their speaking unto him. So shall you say to Joseph, Forgive, I pray you now, the trespass of your brothers, and their sin; for they did to you evil: and now, we pray you, forgive the trespass of the servants of the God of your father. And Joseph wept when they spoke to him.
Genesis 50:18 And his brethren also went and fell down before his face; and they said, Behold, we be thy servants. And his brethren also went and fell down before his face; and they said, Behold, we are thy servants. And his brethren came to him: and worshipping prostrate on the ground they said: We are thy servants. And his brethren also went and fell down before his face, and said, Behold, we are thy bondmen. And his brethren also went and fell down before his face; and they said, Behold, we be thy servants. And his brethren also went and fell down before his face: and they said, Behold, we are thy servants.His brothers also went and fell down before his face; and they said, "Behold, we are your servants." And his brethren also go and fall before him, and say, 'Lo, we are to thee for servants.' And his brothers also went and fell down before his face; and they said, Behold, we be your servants.
Genesis 50:19 And Joseph said unto them, Fear not: for am I in the place of God? And Joseph said unto them, Fear not: for am I in the place of God? And he answered them: Fear not: can we resist the will of God?  And Joseph said to them, Fear not: am I then in the place of God? And Joseph said unto them, Fear not: for am I in the place of God? And Joseph said to them, Fear not: for am I in the place of God? Joseph said to them, "Don't be afraid, for am I in the place of God? And Joseph saith unto them, 'Fear not, for am I in the place of God? And Joseph said to them, Fear not: for am I in the place of God? 
Genesis 50:20 But as for you, ye thought evil against me; but God meant it unto good, to bring to pass, as it is this day, to save much people alive. And as for you, ye meant evil against me; but God meant it for good, to bring to pass, as it is this day, to save much people alive.You thought evil against me: but God turned it into good, that he might exalt me, as at present you see, and might save many people. Ye indeed meant evil against me: God meant it for good, in order that he might do as it is this day, to save a great people alive. And as for you, ye meant evil against me; but God meant it for good, to bring to pass, as it is this day, to save much people alive.But as for you, ye thought evil against me; but God meant it for good, to bring to pass, as it is this day, to save many people alive. As for you, you meant evil against me, but God meant it for good, to bring to pass, as it is this day, to save many people alive. As for you, ye devised against me evil &#8212; God devised it for good, in order to do as at this day, to keep alive a numerous people; But as for you, you thought evil against me; but God meant it to good, to bring to pass, as it is this day, to save much people alive.
Genesis 50:21 Now therefore fear ye not: I will nourish you, and your little ones. And he comforted them, and spake kindly unto them.Now therefore fear ye not: I will nourish you, and your little ones. And he comforted them, and spake kindly unto them.Fear not: I will feed you and your children. And he comforted them, and spoke gently and mildly. And now, fear not: I will maintain you and your little ones. And he comforted them, and spoke consolingly to them.Now therefore fear ye not: I will nourish you, and your little ones. And he comforted them, and spake kindly unto them.Now therefore fear ye not: I will nourish you, and your little ones. And he comforted them, and spoke kindly to them.Now therefore don't be afraid. I will nourish you and your little ones." He comforted them, and spoke kindly to them. And now, fear not: I do nourish you and your infants;' and he comforteth them, and speaketh unto their heart.Now therefore fear you not: I will nourish you, and your little ones.  And he comforted them, and spoke kindly to them.
Genesis 50:22 And Joseph dwelt in Egypt, he, and his father's house: and Joseph lived an hundred and ten years. And Joseph dwelt in Egypt, he, and his father's house: and Joseph lived a hundred and ten years. And he dwelt in Egypt with all his father's house: and lived a hundred and ten years. And Joseph dwelt in Egypt, he and his father's house; and Joseph lived a hundred and ten years. And Joseph dwelt in Egypt, he, and his father's house: and Joseph lived an hundred and ten years. And Joseph dwelt in Egypt, he, and his father's house: and Joseph lived a hundred and ten years.Joseph lived in Egypt, he, and his father's house. Joseph lived one hundred ten years. And Joseph dwelleth in Egypt, he and the house of his father, and Joseph liveth a hundred and ten years, And Joseph dwelled in Egypt, he, and his father's house: and Joseph lived an hundred and ten years.
Genesis 50:23 And Joseph saw Ephraim's children of the third generation: the children also of Machir the son of Manasseh were brought up upon Joseph's knees. And Joseph saw Ephraim's children of the third generation: the children also of Machir the son of Manasseh were born upon Joseph's knees. And he saw the children of Ephraim to the third generation. The children also of Machir the son of Ma-nasses were born on Joseph's knees. And Joseph saw Ephraim's children of the third generation; the sons also of Machir the son of Manasseh were born on Joseph's knees. And Joseph saw Ephraim's children of the third generation: the children also of Machir the son of Manasseh were born upon Joseph's knees. And Joseph saw Ephraim's children of the third generation: the children also of Machir, the son of Manasseh, were brought up upon Joseph's knees.Joseph saw Ephraim's children to the third generation. The children also of Machir, the son of Manasseh, were born on Joseph's knees. And Joseph looketh on Ephraim's sons of the third generation; sons also of Machir, son of Manasseh, have been born on the knees of Joseph. And Joseph saw Ephraim's children of the third generation: the children also of Machir the son of Manasseh were brought up on Joseph's knees.
Genesis 50:24 And Joseph said unto his brethren, I die: and God will surely visit you, and bring you out of this land unto the land which he sware to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob. And Joseph said unto his brethren, I die; but God will surely visit you, and bring you up out of this land unto the land which he sware to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob. After which he told his brethren: God will visit you after my death, and will make you go up out of this land, to the land which he swore to Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. And Joseph said to his brethren, I die; and God will certainly visit you, and bring you up out of this land, into the land that he swore unto Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob. And Joseph said unto his brethren, I die: but God will surely visit you, and bring you up out of this land unto the land which he sware to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob. And Joseph said to his brethren, I die: and God will surely visit you, and bring you out of this land, to the land which he swore to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob.Joseph said to his brothers, "I am dying, but God will surely visit you, and bring you up out of this land to the land which he swore to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob." And Joseph saith unto his brethren, 'I am dying, and God doth certainly inspect you, and hath caused you to go up from this land, unto the land which He hath sworn to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob.' And Joseph said to his brothers, I die: and God will surely visit you, and bring you out of this land to the land which he swore to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob.
Genesis 50:25 And Joseph took an oath of the children of Israel, saying, God will surely visit you, and ye shall carry up my bones from hence. And Joseph took an oath of the children of Israel, saying, God will surely visit you, and ye shall carry up my bones from hence. And he made them swear to him, saying: God will visit you, Carry my bones with you out of this place:  And Joseph took an oath of the children of Israel, saying, God will certainly visit you; and ye shall carry up my bones hence. And Joseph took an oath of the children of Israel, saying, God will surely visit you, and ye shall carry up my bones from hence. And Joseph took an oath of the children of Israel, saying, God will surely visit you, and ye shall carry up my bones from hence.Joseph took an oath of the children of Israel, saying, "God will surely visit you, and you shall carry up my bones from here." And Joseph causeth the sons of Israel to swear, saying, 'God doth certainly inspect you, and ye have brought up my bones from this place.' And Joseph took an oath of the children of Israel, saying, God will surely visit you, and you shall carry up my bones from hence.
Genesis 50:26 So Joseph died, being an hundred and ten years old: and they embalmed him, and he was put in a coffin in Egypt. So Joseph died, being a hundred and ten years old: and they embalmed him, and he was put in a coffin in Egypt. And he died being a hundred and ten years old. And being embalmed he was laid in a coffin in Egypt. And Joseph died, a hundred and ten years old; and they embalmed him; and he was put in a coffin in Egypt. So Joseph died, being an hundred and ten years old: and they embalmed him, and he was put in a coffin in Egypt. So Joseph died, being a hundred and ten years old: and they embalmed him, and he was put in a coffin in Egypt. So Joseph died, being one hundred ten years old, and they embalmed him, and he was put in a coffin in Egypt. And Joseph dieth, a son of an hundred and ten years, and they embalm him, and he is put into a coffin in Egypt. So Joseph died, being an hundred and ten years old: and they embalmed him, and he was put in a coffin in Egypt.